mffmuQvjZe6wcYN9aGGtJ6MpBuaBd6HCD1 OpenLongPosition
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN OpenShortPosition
mi6Scc8zrSwv6t8DKSEwJJbukS1MDzVvMu OpenLongPosition
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL OpenShortPosition
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt OpenLongPosition
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL ShortPosIncreased
mkg1diyCQ5sjfGLpM6aqaL7N9b3xJYFBcQ OpenLongPosition
n472wQHJAerRMDCUw4wC6oL2VJV3KSpCbg OpenShortPosition
muVLkkFkc7vPhR8xnfryG4fYu6pU4DEMQ1 OpenLongPosition
n472wQHJAerRMDCUw4wC6oL2VJV3KSpCbg ShortPosIncreased
muZdAobaFmmFSr7iW9zU87jHC3asjy7hti OpenLongPosition
n472wQHJAerRMDCUw4wC6oL2VJV3KSpCbg ShortPosIncreased
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV OpenLongPosition
mhhmLnKh1MzRQbRCC8rPuYfoT9GpqWeHiS OpenShortPosition
mjWsVzeYYUiwgJijv1SdZmN8Ct5mJQzqgs OpenLongPosition
mhhmLnKh1MzRQbRCC8rPuYfoT9GpqWeHiS ShortPosIncreased
mqGy6xgU3Fxb779iKJPLYgLWH4L5P1SKfB OpenLongPosition
mx4er8UPcnvkK748GUSLcinauoaMzNtAjW OpenShortPosition
mrBdyobLHzT8c36XFtzoyxxngUE29rnEUW OpenLongPosition
mx4er8UPcnvkK748GUSLcinauoaMzNtAjW ShortPosIncreased
mnWrNeaNeHUBnRiU9k4UckTcwUtceuUXpr OpenLongPosition
mrCcYmPsdFoWGEweWQ7Wbz2ZJAuULTmBS5 OpenShortPosition
mzpFParbkxyZ6CKkFWZdmaGQrY5UM5yA39 OpenLongPosition
mrCcYmPsdFoWGEweWQ7Wbz2ZJAuULTmBS5 ShortPosIncreased
mjy8yLEUy2NZih5nojC3UW5HeGLGtPBtt7 OpenLongPosition
mrCcYmPsdFoWGEweWQ7Wbz2ZJAuULTmBS5 ShortPosIncreased
mnotoaxxeNNFyNvnHkorW3irAPSEnCZKru OpenLongPosition
mxFTFwCKpG5nUM8BN8RCAcQhEj96XFA8go OpenShortPosition
myyz5jaHNhb7HyqmbDPzfTAKifHwe5zfG8 OpenLongPosition
mxFTFwCKpG5nUM8BN8RCAcQhEj96XFA8go ShortPosIncreased
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs OpenLongPosition
mxFTFwCKpG5nUM8BN8RCAcQhEj96XFA8go ShortPosIncreased
mgAk78hdXyw2DPr1ukay6ehmPA3VHS1PP4 OpenLongPosition
mxguTUXrsFewPLBKEVzYC2taAQUuc7DHJo OpenShortPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk OpenLongPosition
mxguTUXrsFewPLBKEVzYC2taAQUuc7DHJo ShortPosIncreased
n37WQWxyvQQMEd65cWp745MRw5dDxrXGya OpenLongPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mn9Mw2FiCsBimNg1Lpmjx9HNn4jMccGvR9 OpenLongPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosIncreased
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 OpenLongPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosIncreased
mxguTUXrsFewPLBKEVzYC2taAQUuc7DHJo OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mffmuQvjZe6wcYN9aGGtJ6MpBuaBd6HCD1 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt LongPosIncreased
mffmuQvjZe6wcYN9aGGtJ6MpBuaBd6HCD1 ShortPosIncreased
myPJgNx9Jovx356vkfGd6h8CjgzdfwLUF6 OpenLongPosition
mpKZFQE3Y9D9JUy5joBvMrHALM7z8473uz OpenShortPosition
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX OpenLongPosition
muCTDsWyooE1eNBk6jhNuJnFyKtodAqhgX OpenShortPosition
mkxTE8NUowKAxMvFUhBdXtCZqqsqxEB9pP OpenLongPosition
n27gop7tUQGsumBwE45gVV5g59x8jukp8s OpenShortPosition
moBofRQfVmwJwAkJtbc3hx513BCe951s6k OpenLongPosition
n27gop7tUQGsumBwE45gVV5g59x8jukp8s ShortPosIncreased
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW OpenLongPosition
n2HLbZjYAYduuyZEUa9BhmVGbCWWm2CBE6 OpenShortPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosNettedPartly
mhQiKRJ92t7PkmFAsSAWx6cvqdCJEdAGjN OpenShortPosition
moBofRQfVmwJwAkJtbc3hx513BCe951s6k LongPosIncreased
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mffmuQvjZe6wcYN9aGGtJ6MpBuaBd6HCD1 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 ShortPosIncreased
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy OpenLongPosition
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 ShortPosIncreased
mjy8yLEUy2NZih5nojC3UW5HeGLGtPBtt7 LongPosIncreased
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA OpenShortPosition
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 ShortPosNettedPartly
mt6pM7u8kBysbZG7eaUGfWLpNh9H34st5U OpenShortPosition
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL ShortPosNettedPartly
mi6Scc8zrSwv6t8DKSEwJJbukS1MDzVvMu LongPosNettedPartly
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 ShortPosNettedPartly
mjy8yLEUy2NZih5nojC3UW5HeGLGtPBtt7 LongPosNettedPartly
muRGEUKPgJJW8fR5jfSf9sdzu5eZMdwZfV OpenLongPosition
mjy8yLEUy2NZih5nojC3UW5HeGLGtPBtt7 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mfs5KfMamFnxR8JN9h3DQcrzLa7xFsBhaC OpenLongPosition
miSzKep6K9L6sUT1o48qDpWTfusYYxJzXK OpenShortPosition
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC OpenLongPosition
miSzKep6K9L6sUT1o48qDpWTfusYYxJzXK ShortPosIncreased
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosIncreased
mzpFParbkxyZ6CKkFWZdmaGQrY5UM5yA39 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mrZWnYz3ofjty9GWFxn3P8bUk5x5BJhXyQ OpenLongPosition
n4EzCgmt8HfhLt92yKABStdmX4boBfXfDB OpenShortPosition
mx4er8UPcnvkK748GUSLcinauoaMzNtAjW ShortPosNettedPartly
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs LongPosNettedPartly
muZdAobaFmmFSr7iW9zU87jHC3asjy7hti LongPosIncreased
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mnoae3HAseyH9snfytepzC4BTV1fUGSjZ2 OpenLongPosition
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs ShortPosIncreased
mhQiKRJ92t7PkmFAsSAWx6cvqdCJEdAGjN OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs ShortPosIncreased
mmJpZppu35yEw5rZRy3WjTgJCUEbFC3ydo OpenLongPosition
mxuYzGeCQnRg44Uom1h8U9PqsXDexbwnpF OpenShortPosition
mhhmLnKh1MzRQbRCC8rPuYfoT9GpqWeHiS OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mxuYzGeCQnRg44Uom1h8U9PqsXDexbwnpF ShortPosIncreased
mjy8yLEUy2NZih5nojC3UW5HeGLGtPBtt7 ShortPosNettedPartly
n3sEjLfTH949QGXr54ydTmWu3xUzY8FT1x OpenShortPosition
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosNettedPartly
n3sEjLfTH949QGXr54ydTmWu3xUzY8FT1x ShortPosIncreased
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs ShortPosNettedPartly
mn9Mw2FiCsBimNg1Lpmjx9HNn4jMccGvR9 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosIncreased
mn9Mw2FiCsBimNg1Lpmjx9HNn4jMccGvR9 ShortPosIncreased
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap OpenLongPosition
mn9Mw2FiCsBimNg1Lpmjx9HNn4jMccGvR9 ShortPosIncreased
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW OpenLongPosition
myyz5jaHNhb7HyqmbDPzfTAKifHwe5zfG8 LongPosNettedPartly
mhQiKRJ92t7PkmFAsSAWx6cvqdCJEdAGjN LongPosIncreased
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR OpenShortPosition
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW LongPosIncreased
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosIncreased
n2B5LzevVk8Ucuk8e2QpYiuxg4sLamBPEZ OpenLongPosition
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosIncreased
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA ShortPosNettedPartly
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosIncreased
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosNettedPartly
mnoae3HAseyH9snfytepzC4BTV1fUGSjZ2 LongPosNettedPartly
msPnGfvkzHeE82JBjD4wJxBLnwfRokvk6j OpenLongPosition
n1hhQqrdgDbM9ei6Ten14DFSWRqqHE6GuR OpenShortPosition
mhhmLnKh1MzRQbRCC8rPuYfoT9GpqWeHiS LongPosIncreased
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX LongPosNettedPartly
mxZfoMbDgnadhtpBEgpeEHmWX4xD3bWirp OpenLongPosition
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
muCTDsWyooE1eNBk6jhNuJnFyKtodAqhgX OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX ShortPosIncreased
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
my289fyXhDpaQ2MU7r8a7sH8cZQZgE2Wq8 OpenShortPosition
mrZWnYz3ofjty9GWFxn3P8bUk5x5BJhXyQ LongPosIncreased
moB6Rm9hrjv35gXJwvBokpWi7yA51nf2tQ OpenShortPosition
moyBpPDDRndLVDoirPycAre9FLtmccFDG9 OpenLongPosition
moB6Rm9hrjv35gXJwvBokpWi7yA51nf2tQ ShortPosIncreased
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL ShortPosNettedPartly
n2B5LzevVk8Ucuk8e2QpYiuxg4sLamBPEZ LongPosNettedPartly
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
mjn9aSVy81XciWEYVezdRLRCUSBaKcCYVG OpenShortPosition
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX ShortPosNettedPartly
mjn9aSVy81XciWEYVezdRLRCUSBaKcCYVG ShortPosIncreased
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap LongPosIncreased
mrZWnYz3ofjty9GWFxn3P8bUk5x5BJhXyQ LongPosNettedPartly
n4M3mAn2uLUGqc18YV1Q6xbBu68VpYpZYv OpenLongPosition
moBofRQfVmwJwAkJtbc3hx513BCe951s6k LongPosNettedPartly
n2X4Sn4NpXqBYgJEEWagwJc9UDADD3CWuK OpenLongPosition
moBofRQfVmwJwAkJtbc3hx513BCe951s6k LongPosNettedPartly
muCTDsWyooE1eNBk6jhNuJnFyKtodAqhgX LongPosIncreased
mmvvfkikbMkjkVQzNoFF9MS5sAV9EZ6Snq OpenShortPosition
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 OpenLongPosition
mmvvfkikbMkjkVQzNoFF9MS5sAV9EZ6Snq ShortPosIncreased
myPJgNx9Jovx356vkfGd6h8CjgzdfwLUF6 LongPosIncreased
mjWsVzeYYUiwgJijv1SdZmN8Ct5mJQzqgs OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mpKZFQE3Y9D9JUy5joBvMrHALM7z8473uz OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mjWsVzeYYUiwgJijv1SdZmN8Ct5mJQzqgs ShortPosIncreased
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosNettedPartly
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosNettedPartly
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosNettedPartly
mpKZFQE3Y9D9JUy5joBvMrHALM7z8473uz LongPosIncreased
moyBpPDDRndLVDoirPycAre9FLtmccFDG9 LongPosNettedPartly
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosIncreased
mk1rEL7b1WCnaoTM5qRAacrHiMp4vTn2vc OpenShortPosition
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap LongPosIncreased
mk1rEL7b1WCnaoTM5qRAacrHiMp4vTn2vc ShortPosIncreased
moyBpPDDRndLVDoirPycAre9FLtmccFDG9 LongPosIncreased
mzx8e6cyc5rn797XBzNpsc4Amtn6wHht9o OpenShortPosition
mzjDA2DuQ2VCu213vXA4KQXdqQ8hFmXc79 OpenLongPosition
mzx8e6cyc5rn797XBzNpsc4Amtn6wHht9o ShortPosIncreased
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk ShortPosNettedPartly
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosNettedPartly
n27gop7tUQGsumBwE45gVV5g59x8jukp8s ShortPosNettedPartly
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosNettedPartly
n3sEjLfTH949QGXr54ydTmWu3xUzY8FT1x ShortPosNettedPartly
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosNettedPartly
n3sEjLfTH949QGXr54ydTmWu3xUzY8FT1x OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 LongPosNettedPartly
msPnGfvkzHeE82JBjD4wJxBLnwfRokvk6j LongPosIncreased
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 LongPosNettedPartly
mmvvfkikbMkjkVQzNoFF9MS5sAV9EZ6Snq ShortPosNettedPartly
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n1hhQqrdgDbM9ei6Ten14DFSWRqqHE6GuR ShortPosNettedPartly
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 ShortPosIncreased
n1Jk28GoxETmYa59fT3BDBmANSVuTeXkzX ShortPosNettedPartly
mqGy6xgU3Fxb779iKJPLYgLWH4L5P1SKfB LongPosNettedPartly
n2R691HdtHoETAFp95kKCvJutooDapXB6m OpenLongPosition
mqGy6xgU3Fxb779iKJPLYgLWH4L5P1SKfB LongPosNettedPartly
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt LongPosIncreased
mgUVUdEwYHLCetx9cbZkRA26FmESXmJEy2 OpenShortPosition
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap LongPosIncreased
mx71gz7B4FsAaL1JEWnKnXjAdCs5wAcbUs OpenShortPosition
n4PxH81kzpmbsvGVMAtsWxqELWeUGxRe6D OpenLongPosition
mx71gz7B4FsAaL1JEWnKnXjAdCs5wAcbUs ShortPosIncreased
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt LongPosIncreased
mgoj58Woi5dVwWApZA4M2PA4XUV8PkMBqD OpenShortPosition
n2HLbZjYAYduuyZEUa9BhmVGbCWWm2CBE6 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mgoj58Woi5dVwWApZA4M2PA4XUV8PkMBqD ShortPosIncreased
mjCvbeMMYwpCtEfZ5rdJ86Dafn2YLoiqtz OpenLongPosition
mgoj58Woi5dVwWApZA4M2PA4XUV8PkMBqD ShortPosIncreased
n1hhQqrdgDbM9ei6Ten14DFSWRqqHE6GuR OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mghFvENpzqKtWhrBy8w181vCpqoL7qFG77 OpenShortPosition
mgUVUdEwYHLCetx9cbZkRA26FmESXmJEy2 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mghFvENpzqKtWhrBy8w181vCpqoL7qFG77 ShortPosIncreased
n4PxH81kzpmbsvGVMAtsWxqELWeUGxRe6D LongPosIncreased
mghFvENpzqKtWhrBy8w181vCpqoL7qFG77 ShortPosIncreased
n4PxH81kzpmbsvGVMAtsWxqELWeUGxRe6D LongPosIncreased
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosNettedPartly
n3hdAGNfpPTkeJqCnJCSDRquk4FvHJgorv OpenLongPosition
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n2R691HdtHoETAFp95kKCvJutooDapXB6m LongPosIncreased
mxZfoMbDgnadhtpBEgpeEHmWX4xD3bWirp LongPosNettedPartly
mzjDA2DuQ2VCu213vXA4KQXdqQ8hFmXc79 LongPosIncreased
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW LongPosNettedPartly
n3hdAGNfpPTkeJqCnJCSDRquk4FvHJgorv LongPosIncreased
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mk1rEL7b1WCnaoTM5qRAacrHiMp4vTn2vc OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW ShortPosIncreased
mxFTFwCKpG5nUM8BN8RCAcQhEj96XFA8go ShortPosNettedPartly
mzFom5u78GNjr3QppT8s165WF64t9weFsW ShortPosIncreased
muRGEUKPgJJW8fR5jfSf9sdzu5eZMdwZfV LongPosIncreased
n3hdAGNfpPTkeJqCnJCSDRquk4FvHJgorv LongPosNettedPartly
mt6pM7u8kBysbZG7eaUGfWLpNh9H34st5U ShortPosNettedPartly
n3hdAGNfpPTkeJqCnJCSDRquk4FvHJgorv OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mjn9aSVy81XciWEYVezdRLRCUSBaKcCYVG ShortPosNettedPartly
mkg1diyCQ5sjfGLpM6aqaL7N9b3xJYFBcQ LongPosNettedPartly
mxFTFwCKpG5nUM8BN8RCAcQhEj96XFA8go OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mj2rEyp4qeTdbUw39riTjZm1qqpfMG9qfY OpenShortPosition
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mj2rEyp4qeTdbUw39riTjZm1qqpfMG9qfY ShortPosIncreased
n2R691HdtHoETAFp95kKCvJutooDapXB6m LongPosIncreased
muRGEUKPgJJW8fR5jfSf9sdzu5eZMdwZfV LongPosNettedPartly
n4G1sFSvMdwnNXEbVJoBzZHV4HRFRvL4w3 ShortPosNettedPartly
mmJpZppu35yEw5rZRy3WjTgJCUEbFC3ydo LongPosNettedPartly
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba OpenLongPosition
mmJpZppu35yEw5rZRy3WjTgJCUEbFC3ydo LongPosNettedPartly
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosIncreased
muVLkkFkc7vPhR8xnfryG4fYu6pU4DEMQ1 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
muVLkkFkc7vPhR8xnfryG4fYu6pU4DEMQ1 ShortPosIncreased
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN LongPosIncreased
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap LongPosNettedPartly
mrBdyobLHzT8c36XFtzoyxxngUE29rnEUW LongPosIncreased
mfXRBdeimu2HnMyfcNGLEgfYxa6DA5EQap LongPosNettedPartly
mrBdyobLHzT8c36XFtzoyxxngUE29rnEUW LongPosIncreased
mzjDA2DuQ2VCu213vXA4KQXdqQ8hFmXc79 LongPosNettedPartly
mjCvbeMMYwpCtEfZ5rdJ86Dafn2YLoiqtz LongPosIncreased
mgAk78hdXyw2DPr1ukay6ehmPA3VHS1PP4 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mgoj58Woi5dVwWApZA4M2PA4XUV8PkMBqD ShortPosNettedPartly
mgAk78hdXyw2DPr1ukay6ehmPA3VHS1PP4 ShortPosIncreased
mjn9aSVy81XciWEYVezdRLRCUSBaKcCYVG ShortPosNettedPartly
mgAk78hdXyw2DPr1ukay6ehmPA3VHS1PP4 ShortPosIncreased
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosNettedPartly
mgAk78hdXyw2DPr1ukay6ehmPA3VHS1PP4 ShortPosIncreased
mt6pM7u8kBysbZG7eaUGfWLpNh9H34st5U ShortPosNettedPartly
n4PxH81kzpmbsvGVMAtsWxqELWeUGxRe6D LongPosNettedPartly
miSzKep6K9L6sUT1o48qDpWTfusYYxJzXK OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n37WQWxyvQQMEd65cWp745MRw5dDxrXGya LongPosNettedPartly
moB6Rm9hrjv35gXJwvBokpWi7yA51nf2tQ ShortPosNettedPartly
n37WQWxyvQQMEd65cWp745MRw5dDxrXGya OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba LongPosIncreased
n4M3mAn2uLUGqc18YV1Q6xbBu68VpYpZYv OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosNettedPartly
n4M3mAn2uLUGqc18YV1Q6xbBu68VpYpZYv ShortPosIncreased
micxfo7M1KL8dhQeWBQjR4rSdbFWNNmqjR ShortPosNettedPartly
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV LongPosNettedPartly
mx71gz7B4FsAaL1JEWnKnXjAdCs5wAcbUs ShortPosNettedPartly
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV LongPosNettedPartly
mrBdyobLHzT8c36XFtzoyxxngUE29rnEUW LongPosIncreased
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mt6pM7u8kBysbZG7eaUGfWLpNh9H34st5U OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV ShortPosIncreased
mjWsVzeYYUiwgJijv1SdZmN8Ct5mJQzqgs OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
miwoBg7ZX6kdzcqSKaizzvuPVGRJKXH6kV OpenShortPosition
n472wQHJAerRMDCUw4wC6oL2VJV3KSpCbg ShortPosNettedPartly
miwoBg7ZX6kdzcqSKaizzvuPVGRJKXH6kV ShortPosIncreased
n2X4Sn4NpXqBYgJEEWagwJc9UDADD3CWuK LongPosIncreased
mpXcFp2YicHXbFZqacefYeDXjqAmnrLjh3 OpenShortPosition
my289fyXhDpaQ2MU7r8a7sH8cZQZgE2Wq8 ShortPosNettedPartly
mpXcFp2YicHXbFZqacefYeDXjqAmnrLjh3 ShortPosIncreased
moB6Rm9hrjv35gXJwvBokpWi7yA51nf2tQ ShortPosNettedPartly
mpXcFp2YicHXbFZqacefYeDXjqAmnrLjh3 ShortPosIncreased
n472wQHJAerRMDCUw4wC6oL2VJV3KSpCbg ShortPosNettedPartly
myK4JGhcWhFScWKXTr2fPqPdn6B9RJ6VYd OpenShortPosition
mrS1VD5Ems9BhDkiX9WfjTyPHVSzA8cUam OpenShortPosition
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN LongPosIncreased
moSFRxAU3FkxLzWVtsJvNfxP2hhrHGnSDV ShortPosIncreased
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN LongPosIncreased
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt LongPosNettedPartly
mvo6Tw62DDWWWS2Y5of8x8hMKb94E27mbN LongPosIncreased
mkodHENjGLWBdAXe17AZGW1GdnxTb79vdt LongPosNettedPartly
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL LongPosIncreased
mnotoaxxeNNFyNvnHkorW3irAPSEnCZKru LongPosNettedPartly
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL LongPosIncreased
mmXwGindyZqT5YqmP8Q71H3rKjN7cWxriY OpenShortPosition
my7sjVLnFcu74Mmfxyrs6QiaoUUhEbGmLL LongPosIncreased
mmXwGindyZqT5YqmP8Q71H3rKjN7cWxriY ShortPosIncreased
mkxTE8NUowKAxMvFUhBdXtCZqqsqxEB9pP LongPosIncreased
mmXwGindyZqT5YqmP8Q71H3rKjN7cWxriY ShortPosIncreased
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mjCvbeMMYwpCtEfZ5rdJ86Dafn2YLoiqtz LongPosNettedPartly
myc23Yobr6piJKfWienY59UUbjcCmVMhBk LongPosIncreased
mjCvbeMMYwpCtEfZ5rdJ86Dafn2YLoiqtz OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mpKZFQE3Y9D9JUy5joBvMrHALM7z8473uz LongPosIncreased
myqovJXDoqd15mf3x6qBG1CdNdD1NCnbgy OpenShortPosition
mpKZFQE3Y9D9JUy5joBvMrHALM7z8473uz LongPosIncreased
myqovJXDoqd15mf3x6qBG1CdNdD1NCnbgy ShortPosIncreased
mhQiKRJ92t7PkmFAsSAWx6cvqdCJEdAGjN LongPosIncreased
mqfMH3T337vd5CsbVhheUowJMuBG1n3k8H OpenShortPosition
mhQiKRJ92t7PkmFAsSAWx6cvqdCJEdAGjN LongPosIncreased
mqfMH3T337vd5CsbVhheUowJMuBG1n3k8H ShortPosIncreased
mh7o62f5FMLRMRLDeZ33cTFVxnJaTt9WN6 ShortPosNettedPartly
mqfMH3T337vd5CsbVhheUowJMuBG1n3k8H ShortPosIncreased
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
mnfF1ZrT7FCySdspvfN1nmhw1jH8udhr4s OpenShortPosition
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
msPnGfvkzHeE82JBjD4wJxBLnwfRokvk6j LongPosNettedPartly
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
n4HJYB6PGzgXVP2ctZa1NZvniwMBPmX72y OpenShortPosition
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
moyBpPDDRndLVDoirPycAre9FLtmccFDG9 LongPosNettedPartly
mxFycE4S1G5KmQNUvv3HLXrYYEakBF7UgA LongPosIncreased
moyBpPDDRndLVDoirPycAre9FLtmccFDG9 LongPosNettedPartly
mt6pM7u8kBysbZG7eaUGfWLpNh9H34st5U LongPosIncreased
n2R691HdtHoETAFp95kKCvJutooDapXB6m LongPosNettedPartly
mfs5KfMamFnxR8JN9h3DQcrzLa7xFsBhaC LongPosIncreased
mqepuWXK6c21dm6hKsqgypdktdFtpNrnBr OpenShortPosition
mfs5KfMamFnxR8JN9h3DQcrzLa7xFsBhaC LongPosIncreased
mqepuWXK6c21dm6hKsqgypdktdFtpNrnBr ShortPosIncreased
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs ShortPosNettedPartly
mp8Ep6mGM2FAKm1HmBP8bvQmy7U85wF2fv OpenShortPosition
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n4JqFrBcnjre7DPxNiT8wScQgma2KRYUUL OpenShortPosition
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs LongPosIncreased
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba LongPosNettedPartly
myVSaB15U4RdHmUBoSEk1YC3w4HpqCHqQs LongPosIncreased
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n3sEjLfTH949QGXr54ydTmWu3xUzY8FT1x LongPosIncreased
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba ShortPosIncreased
myyz5jaHNhb7HyqmbDPzfTAKifHwe5zfG8 LongPosIncreased
mi4LYdknMo2sopE9SZekbLrfnZ8SNHK7Ba ShortPosIncreased
mnoae3HAseyH9snfytepzC4BTV1fUGSjZ2 LongPosIncreased
mn5wLS15pnhj5obrVXHhLKiD1RsE4KhnDW OpenShortPosition
mnoae3HAseyH9snfytepzC4BTV1fUGSjZ2 LongPosIncreased
mn5wLS15pnhj5obrVXHhLKiD1RsE4KhnDW ShortPosIncreased
n2B5LzevVk8Ucuk8e2QpYiuxg4sLamBPEZ LongPosIncreased
mn5wLS15pnhj5obrVXHhLKiD1RsE4KhnDW ShortPosIncreased
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosIncreased
mne1L4KgkE2xYVuqobMi1TM7TuKdf7QWcN OpenShortPosition
mj6dkBZP21KV1SRX4JEUWgdTodQ7kiaiAy LongPosIncreased
mne1L4KgkE2xYVuqobMi1TM7TuKdf7QWcN ShortPosIncreased
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosIncreased
myPJgNx9Jovx356vkfGd6h8CjgzdfwLUF6 LongPosNettedPartly
myKWMpzDgRHYHH6Ymwwy2t81w34oU1MUCC LongPosIncreased
myPJgNx9Jovx356vkfGd6h8CjgzdfwLUF6 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosIncreased
mkxTE8NUowKAxMvFUhBdXtCZqqsqxEB9pP LongPosNettedPartly
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosIncreased
mmpBoTTeCBSP2LcerNyZZQSSWqPT14vma7 OpenShortPosition
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosIncreased
muZdAobaFmmFSr7iW9zU87jHC3asjy7hti LongPosNettedPartly
n46To5TkXyTevPubBWu1nCoiBk82Ku4YYW LongPosIncreased
mmGUNhZBdkaWK2q8QXARACfuExb7VDxueD OpenShortPosition
mkg1diyCQ5sjfGLpM6aqaL7N9b3xJYFBcQ LongPosIncreased
mrHGzJ4ioCxbsyTDmfS96GFqoff1xCKzsR OpenShortPosition
mkg1diyCQ5sjfGLpM6aqaL7N9b3xJYFBcQ LongPosIncreased
mrHGzJ4ioCxbsyTDmfS96GFqoff1xCKzsR ShortPosIncreased
muRGEUKPgJJW8fR5jfSf9sdzu5eZMdwZfV LongPosIncreased
mrHGzJ4ioCxbsyTDmfS96GFqoff1xCKzsR ShortPosIncreased
miYYtS1GZqDV72sKmwCP41DAVGWMw1qpMF OpenLongPosition
mrHGzJ4ioCxbsyTDmfS96GFqoff1xCKzsR ShortPosIncreased
mjK3i365m5RF2x1FHR9fQwntD95yzCVaXp OpenLongPosition
miYYtS1GZqDV72sKmwCP41DAVGWMw1qpMF LongPosNettedPartly
mjK3i365m5RF2x1FHR9fQwntD95yzCVaXp LongPosIncreased
