muvsdSXoK6f8UxWkFWVFgBZ2VurH6B3eJx OpenLongPosition
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ OpenShortPosition
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 OpenLongPosition
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ ShortPosIncreased
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 OpenLongPosition
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz OpenShortPosition
mx9agg9boRbEQ2E3NrgE2VDNFwN8KTUjJM OpenLongPosition
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz ShortPosIncreased
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 OpenLongPosition
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f OpenShortPosition
mwGPUnUKpK7QK57m379b8z68JdaaQ2zX5T OpenLongPosition
moAujVDDdYTtWFbz5joUdP8Sc84oB33MD4 OpenShortPosition
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC OpenLongPosition
moAujVDDdYTtWFbz5joUdP8Sc84oB33MD4 ShortPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB OpenLongPosition
moAujVDDdYTtWFbz5joUdP8Sc84oB33MD4 ShortPosIncreased
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosIncreased
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA OpenShortPosition
mjV1YuUKqHpvEzcQFxq3BdqQpiymQ8fVqe OpenLongPosition
mr2mdGfycxYeHUrkYk1pxXEMD3eFqZ9tBy OpenShortPosition
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi OpenLongPosition
mms8BNjYi3X2i8FPgTd5z6CZenKbV7iN3D OpenShortPosition
mwavwTXMZwCJRqz8wXtzMTdRenSfdptAmd OpenLongPosition
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX OpenShortPosition
mjntcY9swQVP2fN2SJGUHH7h2HPZQjmaZS OpenLongPosition
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
mxTXCrhitSXFeJC7e7tmLn1dV1wQXRwDXC OpenShortPosition
mtMK7LUeyd4cjcyWWosdGcCbPMatuKk2fY OpenLongPosition
mn2QxmN1LyMDemFhwMDaNZQK8AsJJRoNQr OpenShortPosition
mjntcY9swQVP2fN2SJGUHH7h2HPZQjmaZS LongPosIncreased
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi LongPosNettedPartly
mms8BNjYi3X2i8FPgTd5z6CZenKbV7iN3D ShortPosNettedPartly
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi LongPosNetted
mms8BNjYi3X2i8FPgTd5z6CZenKbV7iN3D ShortPosNettedPartly
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi OpenShortPosition
n4TGnst5kkrnXK6jnj3bemdU1y95m4Uoiy OpenLongPosition
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi ShortPosIncreased
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx OpenLongPosition
n3Ve7epNuqajmh8Kg2uvp1erX8ene4hHiw OpenShortPosition
mohb1y8JGnwhiybwwK1ogAoV4Mt7BuZaL4 OpenLongPosition
mpeQWQRYn8NZ1jovwRDz8MQx3StDhe8fNB OpenShortPosition
mrdCZQtsasEvLgtaUsY4wNNki32qBPJLGx OpenLongPosition
mpeQWQRYn8NZ1jovwRDz8MQx3StDhe8fNB ShortPosIncreased
mjV1YuUKqHpvEzcQFxq3BdqQpiymQ8fVqe LongPosIncreased
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 LongPosNettedPartly
mpeQWQRYn8NZ1jovwRDz8MQx3StDhe8fNB ShortPosNettedPartly
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 LongPosNetted
mpeQWQRYn8NZ1jovwRDz8MQx3StDhe8fNB ShortPosNettedPartly
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 OpenShortPosition
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz OpenLongPosition
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 ShortPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
myKWXQCpCrjZ5NodWwZ28JcstC9XdPqTWM OpenShortPosition
my9mdAL9N5vCCQ7BNfKu5J1VWy3XFwxoD6 OpenLongPosition
mytBiVyZA3Zy4JnVLPeL4vBCRGn22XBQFB OpenShortPosition
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 ShortPosNettedPartly
mkCyJgaETPu6QuZZAXzq5g4M4hjVZ1dxzW OpenShortPosition
mnB2Cd1w28tVaqNHE6Y7n7S8CWCsegkdwf OpenLongPosition
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC LongPosNettedPartly
mxTXCrhitSXFeJC7e7tmLn1dV1wQXRwDXC ShortPosNettedPartly
mkNtf2agH9g82F765KAf1pd6h4F147kjoB OpenShortPosition
mo1oJX78m4QX6z6qRVwA37RzQYmMAYc4LC OpenLongPosition
mkNtf2agH9g82F765KAf1pd6h4F147kjoB ShortPosIncreased
myKWXQCpCrjZ5NodWwZ28JcstC9XdPqTWM ShortPosNetted
mieJnaQEAd5F6KhtwGEfKveciWFkuTr3Tu OpenShortPosition
myKWXQCpCrjZ5NodWwZ28JcstC9XdPqTWM OpenLongPosition
mieJnaQEAd5F6KhtwGEfKveciWFkuTr3Tu ShortPosIncreased
mqeixocb8SyGfdgZjkesiHrfShHqBwXqKR OpenLongPosition
mgKcYKtzt6sFgRFcjFyFzQfbDn9CJd5PHp OpenShortPosition
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ ShortPosNettedPartly
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx LongPosNetted
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ ShortPosNetted
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx OpenShortPosition
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ OpenLongPosition
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx ShortPosIncreased
mrdCZQtsasEvLgtaUsY4wNNki32qBPJLGx LongPosIncreased
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx ShortPosIncreased
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J OpenLongPosition
mjmxQKktBfBWwE33JdBc2LN6CCz5cohYMx ShortPosIncreased
mx9agg9boRbEQ2E3NrgE2VDNFwN8KTUjJM LongPosIncreased
n2vhze8m1Qq12FwcUJCbM2xJp87KpnsBTJ OpenShortPosition
myKWXQCpCrjZ5NodWwZ28JcstC9XdPqTWM LongPosIncreased
n2vhze8m1Qq12FwcUJCbM2xJp87KpnsBTJ ShortPosIncreased
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR OpenLongPosition
n2vhze8m1Qq12FwcUJCbM2xJp87KpnsBTJ ShortPosIncreased
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosIncreased
mnB2Cd1w28tVaqNHE6Y7n7S8CWCsegkdwf LongPosNettedPartly
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk OpenLongPosition
mnB2Cd1w28tVaqNHE6Y7n7S8CWCsegkdwf LongPosNetted
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
mnB2Cd1w28tVaqNHE6Y7n7S8CWCsegkdwf OpenShortPosition
mrGuEwWjbQDtPS2NSXtpENR8iFcs2eBWb3 OpenLongPosition
mqnTnwiqyaEY5oNVLz2V8JdXN4WAzhKD3U OpenShortPosition
mgKcYKtzt6sFgRFcjFyFzQfbDn9CJd5PHp ShortPosNettedPartly
mqnTnwiqyaEY5oNVLz2V8JdXN4WAzhKD3U ShortPosIncreased
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups OpenLongPosition
mqnTnwiqyaEY5oNVLz2V8JdXN4WAzhKD3U ShortPosIncreased
mornUF4e2zhFsNMWeFBKjLCdyX8owRGEow OpenLongPosition
mqnTnwiqyaEY5oNVLz2V8JdXN4WAzhKD3U ShortPosIncreased
n4TGnst5kkrnXK6jnj3bemdU1y95m4Uoiy LongPosIncreased
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt OpenShortPosition
mjRBQJgqUAHqoiT4HgT8HSKbjPW7fs7LEz OpenLongPosition
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz LongPosNettedPartly
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f ShortPosNettedPartly
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz LongPosNetted
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f ShortPosNetted
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz OpenShortPosition
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f OpenLongPosition
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz ShortPosIncreased
mo1oJX78m4QX6z6qRVwA37RzQYmMAYc4LC LongPosIncreased
mrdCZQtsasEvLgtaUsY4wNNki32qBPJLGx LongPosNettedPartly
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA ShortPosNettedPartly
mrdCZQtsasEvLgtaUsY4wNNki32qBPJLGx LongPosNettedPartly
myAY77ZNcbQiNVk9aMFc8HprB3HfweDLiz ShortPosNettedPartly
mmVvTL192Wk8WngZXqS6A2dAS9tDaSiN6k OpenShortPosition
mn2QxmN1LyMDemFhwMDaNZQK8AsJJRoNQr ShortPosNettedPartly
mmVvTL192Wk8WngZXqS6A2dAS9tDaSiN6k ShortPosIncreased
n2vhze8m1Qq12FwcUJCbM2xJp87KpnsBTJ ShortPosNetted
n3NHzytAqVYAJZF2yyr6EyFf4NcAyieBEF OpenShortPosition
n2vhze8m1Qq12FwcUJCbM2xJp87KpnsBTJ OpenLongPosition
n3NHzytAqVYAJZF2yyr6EyFf4NcAyieBEF ShortPosIncreased
mtRxSUEzRMcoRSbWMYWb2ye8FdrES3ec2E OpenLongPosition
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosNettedPartly
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J LongPosIncreased
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosNettedPartly
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K OpenLongPosition
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosNettedPartly
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR LongPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosNettedPartly
mkekD5nYUwa3qvyyHK3hZwd6Y7rBtScNxK OpenLongPosition
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosNettedPartly
mrkyVGEK4d3SbYeiecgbDzr5ztgSSBVdoc OpenLongPosition
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosNettedPartly
mnB2Cd1w28tVaqNHE6Y7n7S8CWCsegkdwf ShortPosNettedPartly
mqeixocb8SyGfdgZjkesiHrfShHqBwXqKR LongPosNettedPartly
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosNettedPartly
mqeixocb8SyGfdgZjkesiHrfShHqBwXqKR LongPosNettedPartly
mr2mdGfycxYeHUrkYk1pxXEMD3eFqZ9tBy ShortPosNettedPartly
mrGuEwWjbQDtPS2NSXtpENR8iFcs2eBWb3 LongPosNettedPartly
mrkyVGEK4d3SbYeiecgbDzr5ztgSSBVdoc LongPosIncreased
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J LongPosNettedPartly
mjRBQJgqUAHqoiT4HgT8HSKbjPW7fs7LEz LongPosIncreased
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J LongPosNetted
mjRBQJgqUAHqoiT4HgT8HSKbjPW7fs7LEz LongPosIncreased
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J OpenShortPosition
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f LongPosIncreased
mxWjE3FQ1ChE3hNEsEpzWPMjiwkTBxBD1J ShortPosIncreased
mornUF4e2zhFsNMWeFBKjLCdyX8owRGEow LongPosIncreased
mnL3CdvBcjrwqo9XorTZkqyLkDr7ESxB2p OpenShortPosition
mnL3CdvBcjrwqo9XorTZkqyLkDr7ESxB2p ShortPosNetted
mwGPUnUKpK7QK57m379b8z68JdaaQ2zX5T LongPosNettedPartly
mnL3CdvBcjrwqo9XorTZkqyLkDr7ESxB2p OpenLongPosition
mwGPUnUKpK7QK57m379b8z68JdaaQ2zX5T LongPosNettedPartly
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 OpenLongPosition
mwGPUnUKpK7QK57m379b8z68JdaaQ2zX5T LongPosNettedPartly
mn2QxmN1LyMDemFhwMDaNZQK8AsJJRoNQr ShortPosNettedPartly
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM OpenShortPosition
mubJByiemySRDLDgHvuBRxw3YZ5WYnYUkB OpenLongPosition
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM ShortPosIncreased
n3Ve7epNuqajmh8Kg2uvp1erX8ene4hHiw ShortPosNetted
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM ShortPosIncreased
n3Ve7epNuqajmh8Kg2uvp1erX8ene4hHiw OpenLongPosition
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM ShortPosIncreased
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
mjntcY9swQVP2fN2SJGUHH7h2HPZQjmaZS LongPosNettedPartly
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosNettedPartly
n4qLT4yCPBh8bGhG9GY24DfDD8QKYwTHi3 OpenShortPosition
mornUF4e2zhFsNMWeFBKjLCdyX8owRGEow LongPosIncreased
mwavwTXMZwCJRqz8wXtzMTdRenSfdptAmd LongPosNetted
mornUF4e2zhFsNMWeFBKjLCdyX8owRGEow LongPosIncreased
mwavwTXMZwCJRqz8wXtzMTdRenSfdptAmd OpenShortPosition
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosNettedPartly
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 LongPosNetted
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosNettedPartly
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 OpenShortPosition
mqeixocb8SyGfdgZjkesiHrfShHqBwXqKR LongPosIncreased
mgvD9imqk71h9swowB7zV6fyGrLQ3sQWZo OpenShortPosition
mieJnaQEAd5F6KhtwGEfKveciWFkuTr3Tu ShortPosNettedPartly
mgvD9imqk71h9swowB7zV6fyGrLQ3sQWZo ShortPosIncreased
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 ShortPosNetted
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosNettedPartly
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 OpenLongPosition
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosNettedPartly
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f LongPosIncreased
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K LongPosNettedPartly
mgvD9imqk71h9swowB7zV6fyGrLQ3sQWZo ShortPosNettedPartly
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K LongPosNetted
mgvD9imqk71h9swowB7zV6fyGrLQ3sQWZo ShortPosNettedPartly
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K OpenShortPosition
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H OpenLongPosition
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K ShortPosIncreased
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H LongPosNetted
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H OpenShortPosition
moVNKJDhY3TdYEUyNGaVqqGBftwirMuXEi ShortPosNettedPartly
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosIncreased
n1JwTxTppZ3UJoY5S1owVEaRthhNC2nJZ4 OpenLongPosition
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosIncreased
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosNettedPartly
mqhTh5ZcApc7wwVGcTVqnD1nLvMHkxP36Q OpenShortPosition
mys6GNmJjcduGaNJ51mFEtSVMkWJJcZAhT OpenLongPosition
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa OpenShortPosition
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM ShortPosNettedPartly
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa ShortPosIncreased
n3Ve7epNuqajmh8Kg2uvp1erX8ene4hHiw LongPosIncreased
n36TpyQsXvWycV8UfDzZAJuRWtDe81kiK5 OpenShortPosition
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosNettedPartly
mtMK7LUeyd4cjcyWWosdGcCbPMatuKk2fY LongPosNettedPartly
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosNettedPartly
mpYSUa8FFCsX8q7tFgmQnrJ9LTdYSr7GBH OpenShortPosition
n1JwTxTppZ3UJoY5S1owVEaRthhNC2nJZ4 LongPosIncreased
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR LongPosNettedPartly
mkCyJgaETPu6QuZZAXzq5g4M4hjVZ1dxzW ShortPosNettedPartly
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR LongPosNettedPartly
mieJnaQEAd5F6KhtwGEfKveciWFkuTr3Tu ShortPosNetted
mo1oJX78m4QX6z6qRVwA37RzQYmMAYc4LC LongPosNettedPartly
mieJnaQEAd5F6KhtwGEfKveciWFkuTr3Tu OpenLongPosition
mo1oJX78m4QX6z6qRVwA37RzQYmMAYc4LC LongPosNettedPartly
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 ShortPosNettedPartly
mo1oJX78m4QX6z6qRVwA37RzQYmMAYc4LC LongPosNettedPartly
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA ShortPosNettedPartly
mys6GNmJjcduGaNJ51mFEtSVMkWJJcZAhT LongPosNetted
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA ShortPosNettedPartly
mys6GNmJjcduGaNJ51mFEtSVMkWJJcZAhT OpenShortPosition
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosNettedPartly
mhTH1HJWKKvyF98iHMwhinrWaXwDQmGTfA OpenShortPosition
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 ShortPosNetted
n4TGnst5kkrnXK6jnj3bemdU1y95m4Uoiy LongPosNettedPartly
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 OpenLongPosition
n4TGnst5kkrnXK6jnj3bemdU1y95m4Uoiy LongPosNettedPartly
miAwK7xYRK1VnGC3oVV4EzKu738An5es2H ShortPosNettedPartly
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 OpenShortPosition
n2z2mTwSSQVREZyzXT5f5kxqDCMtG8TQD6 LongPosIncreased
mnmqAcQn4iwzznG9RvM8ffuo8nHL6SwDdW OpenShortPosition
mtMK7LUeyd4cjcyWWosdGcCbPMatuKk2fY LongPosIncreased
mnmqAcQn4iwzznG9RvM8ffuo8nHL6SwDdW ShortPosIncreased
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP OpenLongPosition
mnmqAcQn4iwzznG9RvM8ffuo8nHL6SwDdW ShortPosIncreased
mnH8Qwnkt1nayabcG6Tiqnt9VaZ67feWx4 OpenLongPosition
my9mdAL9N5vCCQ7BNfKu5J1VWy3XFwxoD6 LongPosNetted
mnH8Qwnkt1nayabcG6Tiqnt9VaZ67feWx4 LongPosIncreased
my9mdAL9N5vCCQ7BNfKu5J1VWy3XFwxoD6 OpenShortPosition
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz ShortPosNettedPartly
my9mdAL9N5vCCQ7BNfKu5J1VWy3XFwxoD6 ShortPosIncreased
mkNtf2agH9g82F765KAf1pd6h4F147kjoB ShortPosNettedPartly
mffZ9e6mreCcSmqhR68mhChNbrGhvWL9EK OpenShortPosition
mzCCCyeBfc7YnxTCRnuD9WaHCohgCBzmsM ShortPosNettedPartly
mffZ9e6mreCcSmqhR68mhChNbrGhvWL9EK ShortPosIncreased
mqnTnwiqyaEY5oNVLz2V8JdXN4WAzhKD3U ShortPosNettedPartly
mffZ9e6mreCcSmqhR68mhChNbrGhvWL9EK ShortPosIncreased
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosNettedPartly
mffZ9e6mreCcSmqhR68mhChNbrGhvWL9EK ShortPosIncreased
n3Ve7epNuqajmh8Kg2uvp1erX8ene4hHiw LongPosIncreased
mkekD5nYUwa3qvyyHK3hZwd6Y7rBtScNxK LongPosNettedPartly
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz ShortPosNettedPartly
mkekD5nYUwa3qvyyHK3hZwd6Y7rBtScNxK LongPosNetted
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz ShortPosNettedPartly
mkekD5nYUwa3qvyyHK3hZwd6Y7rBtScNxK OpenShortPosition
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 LongPosIncreased
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP LongPosNetted
msmGv8ZsE1wi7HtnTRV44C56ZYDCHaUSp5 LongPosIncreased
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP OpenShortPosition
mz36CejJsFGxBfrmMkFdZhLJau1KauuVkR OpenLongPosition
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP ShortPosIncreased
mvcCoUTi68a3iCY5uABn1CfUTBR5VchWct OpenLongPosition
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP ShortPosIncreased
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa ShortPosNettedPartly
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP ShortPosIncreased
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosNettedPartly
mx9agg9boRbEQ2E3NrgE2VDNFwN8KTUjJM LongPosNetted
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosNettedPartly
mx9agg9boRbEQ2E3NrgE2VDNFwN8KTUjJM OpenShortPosition
moAujVDDdYTtWFbz5joUdP8Sc84oB33MD4 ShortPosNettedPartly
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups LongPosNetted
moAujVDDdYTtWFbz5joUdP8Sc84oB33MD4 ShortPosNettedPartly
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups OpenShortPosition
mpYSUa8FFCsX8q7tFgmQnrJ9LTdYSr7GBH ShortPosNettedPartly
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosIncreased
n3kivgjjGWVF2DwX3SdJCuEJyaZwR119YP ShortPosNettedPartly
mjV1YuUKqHpvEzcQFxq3BdqQpiymQ8fVqe LongPosNettedPartly
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA ShortPosNetted
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 LongPosNettedPartly
mkNWPMwVTcHnpotgMFuH1cYF8bVXL5MkTA OpenLongPosition
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 LongPosNettedPartly
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosNettedPartly
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 LongPosNetted
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt ShortPosNetted
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 OpenShortPosition
mn8QLENXx1oxAbnKD13mwRXjJZa9xeq2Bt OpenLongPosition
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 ShortPosIncreased
mffZ9e6mreCcSmqhR68mhChNbrGhvWL9EK ShortPosNettedPartly
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 ShortPosIncreased
n36TpyQsXvWycV8UfDzZAJuRWtDe81kiK5 ShortPosNettedPartly
mvb5tqR56y1NjwDpiGBwZYV7eu4jPoYTw9 ShortPosIncreased
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa ShortPosNetted
mfgfqwKq8tnWTkP8Sfkt1BNvo2gpRKPnzY OpenShortPosition
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa OpenLongPosition
mfgfqwKq8tnWTkP8Sfkt1BNvo2gpRKPnzY ShortPosIncreased
n4bvKdMpVREcz8rn9JkBqZzVxsTNCjj8jz ShortPosNettedPartly
mk37XBb9vHk9p9enaGuCXA7okVT9ygBZhm OpenShortPosition
mmVvTL192Wk8WngZXqS6A2dAS9tDaSiN6k ShortPosNettedPartly
mk37XBb9vHk9p9enaGuCXA7okVT9ygBZhm ShortPosIncreased
n36TpyQsXvWycV8UfDzZAJuRWtDe81kiK5 ShortPosNetted
mtkrc3yDEfqa8xEp1muNiw3Zkt5wVEGbUz OpenShortPosition
n36TpyQsXvWycV8UfDzZAJuRWtDe81kiK5 OpenLongPosition
mtkrc3yDEfqa8xEp1muNiw3Zkt5wVEGbUz ShortPosIncreased
mpYSUa8FFCsX8q7tFgmQnrJ9LTdYSr7GBH ShortPosNetted
muYcdSvyrEAHMja2eAaLQtKBXXy2RJ2As6 OpenShortPosition
mpYSUa8FFCsX8q7tFgmQnrJ9LTdYSr7GBH OpenLongPosition
muYcdSvyrEAHMja2eAaLQtKBXXy2RJ2As6 ShortPosIncreased
n36TpyQsXvWycV8UfDzZAJuRWtDe81kiK5 LongPosIncreased
mrnc8aP2VC7wz4wnYowzjB23H9yi4CjKY3 OpenShortPosition
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz OpenLongPosition
mrnc8aP2VC7wz4wnYowzjB23H9yi4CjKY3 ShortPosIncreased
mpYSUa8FFCsX8q7tFgmQnrJ9LTdYSr7GBH LongPosIncreased
mmSeWHdRfrvEUqWQwpTz9kWGeJLvZHgZ9Y OpenShortPosition
n3NHzytAqVYAJZF2yyr6EyFf4NcAyieBEF ShortPosNetted
mmSeWHdRfrvEUqWQwpTz9kWGeJLvZHgZ9Y ShortPosIncreased
n3NHzytAqVYAJZF2yyr6EyFf4NcAyieBEF OpenLongPosition
mmSeWHdRfrvEUqWQwpTz9kWGeJLvZHgZ9Y ShortPosIncreased
mqhTh5ZcApc7wwVGcTVqnD1nLvMHkxP36Q ShortPosNettedPartly
mmSeWHdRfrvEUqWQwpTz9kWGeJLvZHgZ9Y ShortPosIncreased
mmVvTL192Wk8WngZXqS6A2dAS9tDaSiN6k ShortPosNettedPartly
mnPScnxptCWdxCShVbv1vZVKyrUXnaEHAp OpenShortPosition
mqhTh5ZcApc7wwVGcTVqnD1nLvMHkxP36Q ShortPosNetted
mtt9Q2CerXvF4yt9ebBcWpr45sZfwovR72 OpenShortPosition
mqhTh5ZcApc7wwVGcTVqnD1nLvMHkxP36Q OpenLongPosition
mtt9Q2CerXvF4yt9ebBcWpr45sZfwovR72 ShortPosIncreased
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX ShortPosNetted
msKQWY6z9tA7wXmQfm2mvCn7KZj5MeC4EF OpenShortPosition
mtCSgBT8UT6Ax9gfeenCrLmsiHp378MeDX OpenLongPosition
msKQWY6z9tA7wXmQfm2mvCn7KZj5MeC4EF ShortPosIncreased
mr2mdGfycxYeHUrkYk1pxXEMD3eFqZ9tBy ShortPosNetted
msKQWY6z9tA7wXmQfm2mvCn7KZj5MeC4EF ShortPosIncreased
mr2mdGfycxYeHUrkYk1pxXEMD3eFqZ9tBy OpenLongPosition
msKQWY6z9tA7wXmQfm2mvCn7KZj5MeC4EF ShortPosIncreased
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa LongPosIncreased
msKQWY6z9tA7wXmQfm2mvCn7KZj5MeC4EF ShortPosIncreased
mvefghSWsgWzDEk5S4kD8Wjme2tDaxVPNa LongPosIncreased
mqk4pLvsV3hTrWs95oGuMFje5dEc4DRHVF OpenShortPosition
mqhTh5ZcApc7wwVGcTVqnD1nLvMHkxP36Q LongPosIncreased
mqk4pLvsV3hTrWs95oGuMFje5dEc4DRHVF ShortPosIncreased
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 ShortPosNetted
mqk4pLvsV3hTrWs95oGuMFje5dEc4DRHVF ShortPosIncreased
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 OpenLongPosition
mqk4pLvsV3hTrWs95oGuMFje5dEc4DRHVF ShortPosIncreased
mvcCoUTi68a3iCY5uABn1CfUTBR5VchWct LongPosNetted
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ LongPosIncreased
mvcCoUTi68a3iCY5uABn1CfUTBR5VchWct OpenShortPosition
n44RLfzjmrjeGef6ftkGBrP3Bc69GYXkDZ LongPosIncreased
mjV1YuUKqHpvEzcQFxq3BdqQpiymQ8fVqe LongPosNettedPartly
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f LongPosIncreased
n4Y4th46Qqh37yBWXQBSjyNV5e1SgnqfVv OpenShortPosition
mj98pMSTSPttFg3Ugg2DRWMbwURt25Sf8f LongPosIncreased
n4Y4th46Qqh37yBWXQBSjyNV5e1SgnqfVv ShortPosIncreased
myKWXQCpCrjZ5NodWwZ28JcstC9XdPqTWM LongPosIncreased
mtRxSUEzRMcoRSbWMYWb2ye8FdrES3ec2E LongPosNetted
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC LongPosIncreased
mtRxSUEzRMcoRSbWMYWb2ye8FdrES3ec2E OpenShortPosition
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC LongPosIncreased
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 LongPosNetted
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC LongPosIncreased
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 OpenShortPosition
mx5QiGCRG98wCUkUqHzEwKdWMZkAPGdiLC LongPosIncreased
mgDksbLHwynt3cRoSRRP8HRwMaSwoaU719 ShortPosIncreased
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
mjRBQJgqUAHqoiT4HgT8HSKbjPW7fs7LEz LongPosNettedPartly
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
mnNQeh68py9QyqiRkTHzv6Ykt12y5niiAu OpenShortPosition
moaWhGueaRC6ZVhpfvnR74uewRMcG2wbNB LongPosIncreased
mnNQeh68py9QyqiRkTHzv6Ykt12y5niiAu ShortPosIncreased
n1JwTxTppZ3UJoY5S1owVEaRthhNC2nJZ4 LongPosIncreased
mkNsefu6aS967BdrDkcHBQKrf72M82PMtM OpenShortPosition
n1JwTxTppZ3UJoY5S1owVEaRthhNC2nJZ4 LongPosIncreased
mkNsefu6aS967BdrDkcHBQKrf72M82PMtM ShortPosIncreased
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
mnH8Qwnkt1nayabcG6Tiqnt9VaZ67feWx4 LongPosNetted
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
mnH8Qwnkt1nayabcG6Tiqnt9VaZ67feWx4 OpenShortPosition
miMZMWFUNzy2pnzCVw31M3kLhGQJwP6Hrk LongPosIncreased
mnH8Qwnkt1nayabcG6Tiqnt9VaZ67feWx4 ShortPosIncreased
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K ShortPosNettedPartly
n2DsDjTUzXP7bWcLicUNL8GqG3J9NUDmbW OpenShortPosition
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K ShortPosNetted
n2DsDjTUzXP7bWcLicUNL8GqG3J9NUDmbW ShortPosIncreased
mntSaPer54ELKSmmEKcqLcZBGW8K889m6K OpenLongPosition
n2DsDjTUzXP7bWcLicUNL8GqG3J9NUDmbW ShortPosIncreased
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNettedPartly
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR LongPosNetted
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNettedPartly
n1b1AGU4DWnDR4SjBg7dQVQW3qwTWBJ5cR OpenShortPosition
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNettedPartly
mjz6ARpe6uv5S9FWRpm71rxsY6XuKniMR9 LongPosNettedPartly
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNettedPartly
mpDnhCeMVw8mEYpLanjAPY66vAT1ioQS9Q OpenShortPosition
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNettedPartly
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz LongPosNettedPartly
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups ShortPosNetted
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz LongPosNetted
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups OpenLongPosition
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz OpenShortPosition
mh7bxyEWwjrmpUkkJRd7i7P1e2BTZmMups LongPosIncreased
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz ShortPosIncreased
mfgfqwKq8tnWTkP8Sfkt1BNvo2gpRKPnzY ShortPosNettedPartly
mg9swgVPeTb9bB5kDv3ctRszxrGBrZ3Dhz ShortPosIncreased
mk37XBb9vHk9p9enaGuCXA7okVT9ygBZhm ShortPosNettedPartly
mtkTX3M3dLq3EdWRYY4gzPSYJvxRsNiaZx OpenShortPosition
mk37XBb9vHk9p9enaGuCXA7okVT9ygBZhm ShortPosNetted
mtkTX3M3dLq3EdWRYY4gzPSYJvxRsNiaZx ShortPosIncreased
mk37XBb9vHk9p9enaGuCXA7okVT9ygBZhm OpenLongPosition
mtkTX3M3dLq3EdWRYY4gzPSYJvxRsNiaZx ShortPosIncreased
mtkrc3yDEfqa8xEp1muNiw3Zkt5wVEGbUz ShortPosNettedPartly
muvsdSXoK6f8UxWkFWVFgBZ2VurH6B3eJx LongPosNettedPartly
mtkrc3yDEfqa8xEp1muNiw3Zkt5wVEGbUz ShortPosNettedPartly
muvsdSXoK6f8UxWkFWVFgBZ2VurH6B3eJx LongPosNetted
muYcdSvyrEAHMja2eAaLQtKBXXy2RJ2As6 ShortPosNettedPartly
muvsdSXoK6f8UxWkFWVFgBZ2VurH6B3eJx OpenShortPosition
muYcdSvyrEAHMja2eAaLQtKBXXy2RJ2As6 ShortPosNetted
muvsdSXoK6f8UxWkFWVFgBZ2VurH6B3eJx ShortPosIncreased
muYcdSvyrEAHMja2eAaLQtKBXXy2RJ2As6 OpenLongPosition
