n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu OpenLongPosition
mrszvzGeyUgqXszkDJBqexgaYcb5BKWzTf OpenShortPosition
mrszvzGeyUgqXszkDJBqexgaYcb5BKWzTf ShortPosNetted
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw OpenShortPosition
mrszvzGeyUgqXszkDJBqexgaYcb5BKWzTf OpenLongPosition
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosIncreased
mu1ETcJjrQHdebF3iEXcPHz9qx8tQUbGiL OpenLongPosition
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL OpenShortPosition
mkfSWWfzNZ3XHr3d8cQbxWWYKXUNJhX6QT OpenLongPosition
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL ShortPosIncreased
mkNuyF5zCbGwPVzaxoQb8ZEs6gSN26xPMf OpenLongPosition
n2rDRMUmmPUt2U9sARUhiQMLHQM4K9Atum OpenShortPosition
miEFRzbThowYqiGK4oKpJvshEXibHJMkyi OpenLongPosition
n2rDRMUmmPUt2U9sARUhiQMLHQM4K9Atum ShortPosIncreased
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB OpenLongPosition
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z OpenShortPosition
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je OpenLongPosition
n3V8coo23ug1k9vJd4TwpgnJGhvQTBaQBN OpenShortPosition
mkfSWWfzNZ3XHr3d8cQbxWWYKXUNJhX6QT LongPosIncreased
mjwnvKJNXZ6vJ8Ksqb6csw3zdsAMXFTUG2 OpenShortPosition
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
mmz4nJM7rdx1meU2hWdsDZ49c7VaHeFD2N OpenShortPosition
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
miyemeaWMZvPrNMeaf2BBKuEU1aPXoaBgu OpenShortPosition
n3V8coo23ug1k9vJd4TwpgnJGhvQTBaQBN ShortPosNettedPartly
mrNzV1BqNcNNyYo27q5SYSoigz5W7U2nnz OpenShortPosition
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ OpenLongPosition
mrNzV1BqNcNNyYo27q5SYSoigz5W7U2nnz ShortPosIncreased
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je LongPosIncreased
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX OpenShortPosition
mgHtcpa9dhbad3M1tExWpvBJJGP3qX3YLK OpenLongPosition
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX ShortPosIncreased
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX OpenLongPosition
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX ShortPosIncreased
moQJhpE4FKNNmR9u1fHTR1K5vrMzVtWd3u OpenLongPosition
n4YcmCV39wRY88wyPUznDRhrvZBt6Yvbvo OpenShortPosition
mz53rauvkF3hQYHwVg3s1BmnruwNF25U5F OpenLongPosition
n4YcmCV39wRY88wyPUznDRhrvZBt6Yvbvo ShortPosIncreased
mg4c7F9pjRo2B6jvCroeAZU1fPuLLNU7SP OpenLongPosition
mj1rFWfWViQ7K8rwsBpvZAGTn2CbAPcYPk OpenShortPosition
mz53rauvkF3hQYHwVg3s1BmnruwNF25U5F LongPosIncreased
n2HQCSutXTL3iJ4TC6NQSd2jbg1w5W22cN OpenShortPosition
mohcf4H6bqA5d58MVSpa9io2tJkmNr7Y3D OpenLongPosition
n2HQCSutXTL3iJ4TC6NQSd2jbg1w5W22cN ShortPosIncreased
mrEYL3aUWj71o8sebyZLcnXNqbNBULnXQx OpenLongPosition
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF OpenShortPosition
myVrTCcDzsRKAjJchsdsdRJX2d3TGZvdoL OpenLongPosition
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF ShortPosIncreased
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 OpenLongPosition
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF ShortPosIncreased
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 OpenLongPosition
mkfwNqueRDZ6mkdYxubFiHLvFyyVijc3bq OpenShortPosition
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA OpenLongPosition
mkfwNqueRDZ6mkdYxubFiHLvFyyVijc3bq ShortPosIncreased
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosIncreased
mviJWNcNBHANTMHHeBrna6shyk1nBRKmGF OpenShortPosition
mkfSWWfzNZ3XHr3d8cQbxWWYKXUNJhX6QT LongPosIncreased
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG OpenShortPosition
mmrnJNtRryTzNjKH3TH6tTMrxJJ2KDciLm OpenLongPosition
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG ShortPosIncreased
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z ShortPosNettedPartly
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG ShortPosIncreased
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj OpenLongPosition
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG ShortPosIncreased
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 OpenShortPosition
mg4c7F9pjRo2B6jvCroeAZU1fPuLLNU7SP LongPosIncreased
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosIncreased
mtebE1GP9r9qKKgfFz876BqShgKaRzKaSc OpenLongPosition
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosIncreased
n2rDRMUmmPUt2U9sARUhiQMLHQM4K9Atum ShortPosNettedPartly
mu1ETcJjrQHdebF3iEXcPHz9qx8tQUbGiL LongPosNettedPartly
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR OpenLongPosition
mu1ETcJjrQHdebF3iEXcPHz9qx8tQUbGiL LongPosNetted
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR LongPosIncreased
mu1ETcJjrQHdebF3iEXcPHz9qx8tQUbGiL OpenShortPosition
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj LongPosIncreased
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ OpenShortPosition
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN OpenLongPosition
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ ShortPosIncreased
n2FJ8CJZ1HfsszJ3Pr12gwqR2VciDYHBBx OpenLongPosition
n1EXYVcY53zbCQArYKQFuiob8PRoRZ23cm OpenShortPosition
mmbr88HjyDneaQaXv132QivY9ZPap2WMz3 OpenLongPosition
n1EXYVcY53zbCQArYKQFuiob8PRoRZ23cm ShortPosIncreased
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 OpenLongPosition
n1EXYVcY53zbCQArYKQFuiob8PRoRZ23cm ShortPosIncreased
mkALg54msKdA2QfT65m16QycdDo2vdSYFR OpenLongPosition
mrEYL3aUWj71o8sebyZLcnXNqbNBULnXQx LongPosNetted
mkALg54msKdA2QfT65m16QycdDo2vdSYFR LongPosIncreased
mrEYL3aUWj71o8sebyZLcnXNqbNBULnXQx OpenShortPosition
mtebE1GP9r9qKKgfFz876BqShgKaRzKaSc LongPosIncreased
mrEYL3aUWj71o8sebyZLcnXNqbNBULnXQx ShortPosIncreased
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosIncreased
mggfhKY85PBH8J3XzHyA3xaX3XeeEy1jcs OpenShortPosition
myyJWCKw4jm1gU48ZpdHKDEMqRZtHVbtS6 OpenLongPosition
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF OpenShortPosition
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosIncreased
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF ShortPosIncreased
n3Mmm5rkpqPQwbGRW3UVjKHw1JBpoK32Ub OpenLongPosition
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF ShortPosIncreased
mtebE1GP9r9qKKgfFz876BqShgKaRzKaSc LongPosIncreased
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA LongPosNettedPartly
mzHppteQnqu84sLVfjnNEPst115zSPv7Rw OpenLongPosition
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA LongPosNetted
mzHppteQnqu84sLVfjnNEPst115zSPv7Rw LongPosIncreased
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA OpenShortPosition
mzHppteQnqu84sLVfjnNEPst115zSPv7Rw LongPosIncreased
n1rSKeevsGbPsCZ4iu7vMuDQyN3CqWEof8 OpenShortPosition
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL ShortPosNetted
n1rSKeevsGbPsCZ4iu7vMuDQyN3CqWEof8 ShortPosIncreased
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL OpenLongPosition
n1rSKeevsGbPsCZ4iu7vMuDQyN3CqWEof8 ShortPosIncreased
mjwnvKJNXZ6vJ8Ksqb6csw3zdsAMXFTUG2 ShortPosNettedPartly
mkfSWWfzNZ3XHr3d8cQbxWWYKXUNJhX6QT LongPosNettedPartly
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF ShortPosNettedPartly
mkfSWWfzNZ3XHr3d8cQbxWWYKXUNJhX6QT LongPosNettedPartly
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN LongPosIncreased
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ LongPosNetted
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN LongPosIncreased
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ OpenShortPosition
mrszvzGeyUgqXszkDJBqexgaYcb5BKWzTf LongPosIncreased
moQJhpE4FKNNmR9u1fHTR1K5vrMzVtWd3u LongPosNettedPartly
n1LhDLeBAE5UxTzEzymjXcDpKr4U1t3tgA OpenLongPosition
moQJhpE4FKNNmR9u1fHTR1K5vrMzVtWd3u LongPosNettedPartly
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 LongPosIncreased
mgZftiZgKSFpDnArSoXG7cHBQMyhVFMknz OpenShortPosition
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN LongPosIncreased
mrEUPtBGj2Xaom2yoPdfDh3uoyAjCKmPyD OpenShortPosition
mohcf4H6bqA5d58MVSpa9io2tJkmNr7Y3D LongPosIncreased
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR LongPosNettedPartly
mviJWNcNBHANTMHHeBrna6shyk1nBRKmGF ShortPosNetted
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR LongPosNettedPartly
mviJWNcNBHANTMHHeBrna6shyk1nBRKmGF OpenLongPosition
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR LongPosNettedPartly
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosIncreased
mqyDHaQQfLdmGQSQT4qy5Wom417ZXNqdCR LongPosNettedPartly
n1LhDLeBAE5UxTzEzymjXcDpKr4U1t3tgA LongPosIncreased
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp OpenShortPosition
n3Mmm5rkpqPQwbGRW3UVjKHw1JBpoK32Ub LongPosIncreased
mohcf4H6bqA5d58MVSpa9io2tJkmNr7Y3D LongPosNettedPartly
n1LhDLeBAE5UxTzEzymjXcDpKr4U1t3tgA LongPosIncreased
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 LongPosNettedPartly
mgZftiZgKSFpDnArSoXG7cHBQMyhVFMknz ShortPosNettedPartly
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 LongPosNetted
mgZftiZgKSFpDnArSoXG7cHBQMyhVFMknz ShortPosNettedPartly
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 OpenShortPosition
n3Mmm5rkpqPQwbGRW3UVjKHw1JBpoK32Ub LongPosIncreased
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB LongPosNettedPartly
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL LongPosIncreased
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB LongPosNettedPartly
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosIncreased
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je LongPosNettedPartly
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE OpenLongPosition
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je LongPosNetted
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE LongPosIncreased
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je OpenShortPosition
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX ShortPosNettedPartly
moBEjTJRTS5ropLTWCU1LnDKWcb7qyR8je ShortPosIncreased
miEFRzbThowYqiGK4oKpJvshEXibHJMkyi LongPosIncreased
mm7gbTzNvHCnzP2So1A4RifZ55SQP1nGbL OpenShortPosition
msQP3StpJK1KpSDmA4Nxz8mZiFCJVACfsh OpenLongPosition
mm7gbTzNvHCnzP2So1A4RifZ55SQP1nGbL ShortPosIncreased
miukfgZ4YKrYF8nd1KmTDHnsg7UJ7PysZ2 OpenLongPosition
mo8qPLdj14hXiuPKXTAAUmko6hqm5Eka66 OpenShortPosition
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH OpenLongPosition
mo8qPLdj14hXiuPKXTAAUmko6hqm5Eka66 ShortPosIncreased
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA ShortPosNettedPartly
mg4c7F9pjRo2B6jvCroeAZU1fPuLLNU7SP LongPosNettedPartly
mgZftiZgKSFpDnArSoXG7cHBQMyhVFMknz ShortPosNetted
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo OpenShortPosition
mgZftiZgKSFpDnArSoXG7cHBQMyhVFMknz OpenLongPosition
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosIncreased
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosNettedPartly
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosIncreased
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB LongPosIncreased
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNettedPartly
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF ShortPosNetted
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNettedPartly
muaCRspdJtaMhFXZ8KDRT8acCYU6dZxLUF OpenLongPosition
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNettedPartly
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 ShortPosNetted
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNettedPartly
ms9rXuUtUJad896X8eHeyq8iHhLFWNU8R3 OpenLongPosition
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNettedPartly
mggfhKY85PBH8J3XzHyA3xaX3XeeEy1jcs ShortPosNettedPartly
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 LongPosNetted
mggfhKY85PBH8J3XzHyA3xaX3XeeEy1jcs ShortPosNetted
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 OpenShortPosition
mggfhKY85PBH8J3XzHyA3xaX3XeeEy1jcs OpenLongPosition
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 ShortPosIncreased
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf OpenLongPosition
n4kKe7sU5PEFNQK6TNtUxsdqi5tqpbb3B9 ShortPosIncreased
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG ShortPosNettedPartly
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu LongPosNetted
mipr1hsi8dmp1orszpYzmSGH3CqoDYF6tG ShortPosNettedPartly
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu OpenShortPosition
mrEUPtBGj2Xaom2yoPdfDh3uoyAjCKmPyD ShortPosNettedPartly
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu ShortPosIncreased
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN LongPosIncreased
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb OpenShortPosition
n1GGKVyDAz1sgXgDmWPKeBvLrJHm7m7Hdg OpenLongPosition
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb ShortPosIncreased
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf LongPosIncreased
n4j3eEs4SNyf8vbeDQhH9ZWAqBFojbCdpa OpenShortPosition
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX ShortPosNettedPartly
n3txr52oLULLGqhHJYmXas4pj3KS1G5RwT OpenShortPosition
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosNettedPartly
myyJWCKw4jm1gU48ZpdHKDEMqRZtHVbtS6 LongPosNetted
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosNettedPartly
myyJWCKw4jm1gU48ZpdHKDEMqRZtHVbtS6 OpenShortPosition
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf LongPosIncreased
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE LongPosNetted
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf LongPosIncreased
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE OpenShortPosition
mkfwNqueRDZ6mkdYxubFiHLvFyyVijc3bq ShortPosNetted
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE ShortPosIncreased
mkfwNqueRDZ6mkdYxubFiHLvFyyVijc3bq OpenLongPosition
msjo9K5eA5rHe1PtnS62CemE5iT1ATutiE ShortPosIncreased
mtbo3FgPiAa85HJ3DB3vJuxXFwWoFZCfgA ShortPosNettedPartly
mz53rauvkF3hQYHwVg3s1BmnruwNF25U5F LongPosNettedPartly
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ ShortPosNettedPartly
mz53rauvkF3hQYHwVg3s1BmnruwNF25U5F LongPosNettedPartly
mfscnEYQR43cNYg5GZ4P7M4N378FrN8fcH OpenLongPosition
mgHtcpa9dhbad3M1tExWpvBJJGP3qX3YLK LongPosNettedPartly
mkfwNqueRDZ6mkdYxubFiHLvFyyVijc3bq LongPosIncreased
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe OpenShortPosition
n2HQCSutXTL3iJ4TC6NQSd2jbg1w5W22cN ShortPosNettedPartly
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe ShortPosIncreased
mrNzV1BqNcNNyYo27q5SYSoigz5W7U2nnz ShortPosNettedPartly
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C OpenShortPosition
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF ShortPosNetted
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosIncreased
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF OpenLongPosition
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosIncreased
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu ShortPosNettedPartly
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosIncreased
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe ShortPosNettedPartly
n1LhDLeBAE5UxTzEzymjXcDpKr4U1t3tgA LongPosNettedPartly
mm7gbTzNvHCnzP2So1A4RifZ55SQP1nGbL ShortPosNettedPartly
miEFRzbThowYqiGK4oKpJvshEXibHJMkyi LongPosNettedPartly
n1GGKVyDAz1sgXgDmWPKeBvLrJHm7m7Hdg LongPosIncreased
muZ4Tv84sJADHGyvcQKUzkWCw48sFWdqih OpenShortPosition
n4j3eEs4SNyf8vbeDQhH9ZWAqBFojbCdpa ShortPosNettedPartly
muZ4Tv84sJADHGyvcQKUzkWCw48sFWdqih ShortPosIncreased
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu ShortPosNetted
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry OpenShortPosition
n3oxRFH2tRXK8DjLojqUE1kTxMqgbeEELu OpenLongPosition
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry ShortPosIncreased
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosNettedPartly
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry ShortPosIncreased
n11hb6TBhB5Xa2tGmS5yQxqtNAgMix6Vf4 OpenLongPosition
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH LongPosNetted
n11hb6TBhB5Xa2tGmS5yQxqtNAgMix6Vf4 LongPosIncreased
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH OpenShortPosition
n4j3eEs4SNyf8vbeDQhH9ZWAqBFojbCdpa ShortPosNettedPartly
myVrTCcDzsRKAjJchsdsdRJX2d3TGZvdoL LongPosNetted
n4j3eEs4SNyf8vbeDQhH9ZWAqBFojbCdpa ShortPosNetted
myVrTCcDzsRKAjJchsdsdRJX2d3TGZvdoL OpenShortPosition
n4j3eEs4SNyf8vbeDQhH9ZWAqBFojbCdpa OpenLongPosition
myVrTCcDzsRKAjJchsdsdRJX2d3TGZvdoL ShortPosIncreased
n3txr52oLULLGqhHJYmXas4pj3KS1G5RwT ShortPosNettedPartly
myVrTCcDzsRKAjJchsdsdRJX2d3TGZvdoL ShortPosIncreased
n3txr52oLULLGqhHJYmXas4pj3KS1G5RwT ShortPosNettedPartly
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 LongPosNettedPartly
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp ShortPosNetted
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 LongPosNettedPartly
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp OpenLongPosition
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 LongPosNetted
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp LongPosIncreased
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 OpenShortPosition
mttvVZLSDcvEc5g71ymKpLiQ5Dz9y2mZgN OpenLongPosition
mieXtYpyckw7rnVE7Ut2EdRfEBegAc22t5 ShortPosIncreased
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX ShortPosNetted
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosNettedPartly
n1Bim6TSLEGwCwvSFT6Tzuz9pDbzcp5JiX OpenLongPosition
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosNettedPartly
mfscnEYQR43cNYg5GZ4P7M4N378FrN8fcH LongPosIncreased
mifJ7aswP6mGk7GZfPJyLbi5jtfggETAoX LongPosNettedPartly
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ ShortPosNetted
n2FJ8CJZ1HfsszJ3Pr12gwqR2VciDYHBBx LongPosNettedPartly
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ OpenLongPosition
n2FJ8CJZ1HfsszJ3Pr12gwqR2VciDYHBBx LongPosNettedPartly
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe ShortPosNettedPartly
msQP3StpJK1KpSDmA4Nxz8mZiFCJVACfsh LongPosNettedPartly
msQP3StpJK1KpSDmA4Nxz8mZiFCJVACfsh LongPosIncreased
n1GGKVyDAz1sgXgDmWPKeBvLrJHm7m7Hdg LongPosNettedPartly
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe ShortPosNetted
mgE5dGVjGC3hFZRWkYMUXFs7bYUZ5yfFBz OpenShortPosition
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe OpenLongPosition
mgE5dGVjGC3hFZRWkYMUXFs7bYUZ5yfFBz ShortPosIncreased
msQP3StpJK1KpSDmA4Nxz8mZiFCJVACfsh LongPosIncreased
mgE5dGVjGC3hFZRWkYMUXFs7bYUZ5yfFBz ShortPosIncreased
moxhBeGn6xSvFAvErtp3UXXrs3ZXD8Pvd7 ShortPosNettedPartly
mjahh7EVahnwJ2dqY8Br5KvscCVL5nEDgz OpenShortPosition
mrEUPtBGj2Xaom2yoPdfDh3uoyAjCKmPyD ShortPosNetted
mjahh7EVahnwJ2dqY8Br5KvscCVL5nEDgz ShortPosIncreased
mrEUPtBGj2Xaom2yoPdfDh3uoyAjCKmPyD OpenLongPosition
mjahh7EVahnwJ2dqY8Br5KvscCVL5nEDgz ShortPosIncreased
msQP3StpJK1KpSDmA4Nxz8mZiFCJVACfsh LongPosIncreased
n3Mmm5rkpqPQwbGRW3UVjKHw1JBpoK32Ub LongPosNettedPartly
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb ShortPosNettedPartly
n3Mmm5rkpqPQwbGRW3UVjKHw1JBpoK32Ub LongPosNettedPartly
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb ShortPosNettedPartly
miukfgZ4YKrYF8nd1KmTDHnsg7UJ7PysZ2 LongPosNettedPartly
mfscnEYQR43cNYg5GZ4P7M4N378FrN8fcH LongPosIncreased
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj LongPosNettedPartly
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry ShortPosNettedPartly
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj LongPosNetted
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry ShortPosNetted
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj OpenShortPosition
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry OpenLongPosition
mxoLV9a5yLaZvitCtYwEhgoyRqgrrMH4xj ShortPosIncreased
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosNettedPartly
mmbr88HjyDneaQaXv132QivY9ZPap2WMz3 LongPosNetted
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosNettedPartly
mmbr88HjyDneaQaXv132QivY9ZPap2WMz3 OpenShortPosition
n3veM2wugKE7XLz3rjvJhqKZc1N3pvGTdo ShortPosNettedPartly
mkALg54msKdA2QfT65m16QycdDo2vdSYFR LongPosNettedPartly
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosNettedPartly
mkALg54msKdA2QfT65m16QycdDo2vdSYFR LongPosNettedPartly
mttvVZLSDcvEc5g71ymKpLiQ5Dz9y2mZgN LongPosIncreased
n1aN69s1GvK2sPKFAMuL7iZHoKkeTPsYtS OpenShortPosition
mrEUPtBGj2Xaom2yoPdfDh3uoyAjCKmPyD LongPosIncreased
mksrcSpyUKuk3haHoCFDKMBm11SiggFens OpenShortPosition
mo8qPLdj14hXiuPKXTAAUmko6hqm5Eka66 ShortPosNettedPartly
mksrcSpyUKuk3haHoCFDKMBm11SiggFens ShortPosIncreased
mttvVZLSDcvEc5g71ymKpLiQ5Dz9y2mZgN LongPosIncreased
mksrcSpyUKuk3haHoCFDKMBm11SiggFens ShortPosIncreased
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosNettedPartly
mksrcSpyUKuk3haHoCFDKMBm11SiggFens ShortPosIncreased
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry LongPosIncreased
mzZPskdVABrBbSMYbq1TQhaWQzxsaiKem7 OpenShortPosition
mj6mZU7ejGMHTafvfLCxBhdfdwSN5xc62C ShortPosNettedPartly
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn OpenShortPosition
mm7gbTzNvHCnzP2So1A4RifZ55SQP1nGbL ShortPosNettedPartly
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn ShortPosIncreased
n4YcmCV39wRY88wyPUznDRhrvZBt6Yvbvo ShortPosNettedPartly
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn ShortPosIncreased
mhodhTJpJLSE875uLwsrqyZ6dTzTM2mnry LongPosIncreased
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn ShortPosIncreased
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb ShortPosNetted
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i OpenShortPosition
mvUJ2sFmxJcFCzJJ5XAimhkdtbCih29wUb OpenLongPosition
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i ShortPosIncreased
mjahh7EVahnwJ2dqY8Br5KvscCVL5nEDgz ShortPosNettedPartly
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i ShortPosIncreased
mjahh7EVahnwJ2dqY8Br5KvscCVL5nEDgz ShortPosNettedPartly
mx7DSRyfHoUPyfehNrDYPbRxz3zWca9jG1 OpenShortPosition
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH ShortPosNettedPartly
mx7DSRyfHoUPyfehNrDYPbRxz3zWca9jG1 ShortPosIncreased
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH ShortPosNetted
muWeJ1BkK79JBrrBwg9bpqxmuf4eruv3RF OpenShortPosition
mwby6VHQBLrd7zFiKtFfT53RTrbB4Q2NaH OpenLongPosition
muWeJ1BkK79JBrrBwg9bpqxmuf4eruv3RF ShortPosIncreased
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ ShortPosNetted
muWeJ1BkK79JBrrBwg9bpqxmuf4eruv3RF ShortPosIncreased
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ OpenLongPosition
muWeJ1BkK79JBrrBwg9bpqxmuf4eruv3RF ShortPosIncreased
n1AVuG1zkTTRL3TmR8fyLjFtwu4zESQrPJ LongPosIncreased
mjGVhYi6MvHemxRgjUSFJZFNZymdH6wcTh OpenShortPosition
n1rSKeevsGbPsCZ4iu7vMuDQyN3CqWEof8 ShortPosNettedPartly
mjGVhYi6MvHemxRgjUSFJZFNZymdH6wcTh ShortPosIncreased
muZ4Tv84sJADHGyvcQKUzkWCw48sFWdqih ShortPosNettedPartly
mjGVhYi6MvHemxRgjUSFJZFNZymdH6wcTh ShortPosIncreased
mnN2XdaW8TgcwMBGzwhwUVupMbkYDfr6XQ LongPosIncreased
mhiVNrbNf69VbjheUUDMXmznNxQn4zgg9n OpenShortPosition
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe LongPosNetted
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
mi2CPrtgUjy4RSrnqqop2PHZhNcF7XiJJe OpenShortPosition
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB LongPosNettedPartly
n2htjukS2kfneXiESCSKQwsPKYoE2383fw ShortPosNettedPartly
mhRqGwvUH8uPnap7QbheQVQ2LuAt7bRPrB LongPosNettedPartly
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL LongPosIncreased
mzHppteQnqu84sLVfjnNEPst115zSPv7Rw LongPosNettedPartly
myPsHedfk9p1fAeewa8o1LCAGsU9PXnUcL LongPosIncreased
mzHppteQnqu84sLVfjnNEPst115zSPv7Rw LongPosNettedPartly
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z ShortPosNettedPartly
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf LongPosNettedPartly
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z ShortPosNetted
mz34VAUk6sFYarGsy1BWnDydhFtxJrGRyf LongPosNettedPartly
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z OpenLongPosition
mi8kedf9EcaaWFm5N16HJDoXXGQoxA6nbG OpenShortPosition
mvJsubmJpfcTJAifGGusSQBnvF976waX3Z LongPosIncreased
mi8kedf9EcaaWFm5N16HJDoXXGQoxA6nbG ShortPosIncreased
n2ZMKQHGd3Z8mgP6556iZcF64xXc7CERuF LongPosIncreased
mi8kedf9EcaaWFm5N16HJDoXXGQoxA6nbG ShortPosIncreased
moQJhpE4FKNNmR9u1fHTR1K5vrMzVtWd3u LongPosIncreased
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn ShortPosIncreased
moQJhpE4FKNNmR9u1fHTR1K5vrMzVtWd3u LongPosIncreased
mvFqRRn2rfGYkmqmYURqUgXYfgppm37Mwn ShortPosIncreased
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp LongPosIncreased
msbM6gEg39DCLJSMSNRt54uZYHSoRwdUHs OpenShortPosition
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp LongPosIncreased
n2y4A1V4Nvb8YFiDCuYh9cTWW55MPWNtMN LongPosNettedPartly
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp LongPosIncreased
mfb5TSrHUYYBNnrGFU6XBhpA87SRrK79fe OpenShortPosition
mtnDGEGGYy7rENYu7He4m9235c9thT4VYp LongPosIncreased
mfb5TSrHUYYBNnrGFU6XBhpA87SRrK79fe ShortPosIncreased
mohcf4H6bqA5d58MVSpa9io2tJkmNr7Y3D LongPosIncreased
mfb5TSrHUYYBNnrGFU6XBhpA87SRrK79fe ShortPosIncreased
n2FJ8CJZ1HfsszJ3Pr12gwqR2VciDYHBBx LongPosIncreased
n4SH5sNNWzxdJHL3oH95F13No8BWsYWupC OpenShortPosition
n2FJ8CJZ1HfsszJ3Pr12gwqR2VciDYHBBx LongPosIncreased
n2PWuEikPyN1a6zT1sEk9WJm8zhGm5TXKH OpenShortPosition
mmbr88HjyDneaQaXv132QivY9ZPap2WMz3 ShortPosNetted
n2PWuEikPyN1a6zT1sEk9WJm8zhGm5TXKH ShortPosIncreased
mmbr88HjyDneaQaXv132QivY9ZPap2WMz3 OpenLongPosition
n2PWuEikPyN1a6zT1sEk9WJm8zhGm5TXKH ShortPosIncreased
mzZPskdVABrBbSMYbq1TQhaWQzxsaiKem7 ShortPosNettedPartly
mr9FrWn2VQLD7HN6sa9RXCcUyWtNGS5u4A OpenShortPosition
mzZPskdVABrBbSMYbq1TQhaWQzxsaiKem7 ShortPosNetted
mr9FrWn2VQLD7HN6sa9RXCcUyWtNGS5u4A ShortPosIncreased
mzZPskdVABrBbSMYbq1TQhaWQzxsaiKem7 OpenLongPosition
mr9FrWn2VQLD7HN6sa9RXCcUyWtNGS5u4A ShortPosIncreased
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i ShortPosNettedPartly
msMwaA1ymiccwbG2iKuk5wbcDPbHWqDf1a OpenShortPosition
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i ShortPosNetted
msMwaA1ymiccwbG2iKuk5wbcDPbHWqDf1a ShortPosIncreased
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i OpenLongPosition
my6JtafCTDQq8SzzM3krCJvV4bEBEKpBEy OpenShortPosition
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i LongPosIncreased
mnbAtJ31yDT6prHAeW68i1ZKdN3gKTJvHU OpenShortPosition
n4H6Q4sZyMN9f4wj8JNdkxdzp7gm5Lbh8i LongPosIncreased
