mthr88tCUByWNrrGiV5vxfWMYXvQHuB3kA OpenLongPosition
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb OpenShortPosition
n22acCuq7assnRegLpnt7ABmonNUcEV6Tr OpenLongPosition
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H OpenShortPosition
myPWgKxEtLzZ8TMFPuECWvdw5MwmnoRmTw OpenLongPosition
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H ShortPosIncreased
mwFdTzzPepbJn8QZde1MqE8ZFBYVrhEehS OpenLongPosition
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H ShortPosIncreased
mtMM8voZ2nq8rH6HDHQ69bKPFHrjCHTSVg OpenLongPosition
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H ShortPosIncreased
mqnXbk5uBfVhF5YoaimDEg3ZDmb6qLCK9N OpenLongPosition
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 OpenShortPosition
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi OpenLongPosition
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 ShortPosIncreased
mvqMhEMRqWMHE3UtRbtoRrrkaAJp1EueTM OpenLongPosition
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 ShortPosIncreased
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb ShortPosNettedPartly
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 ShortPosIncreased
n4QsB5r92PpQ5sqjncC9xQqAbJXHzB9rTR OpenLongPosition
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC OpenShortPosition
mqMGdFenqRumyYSrERRvZG6naWZZjyaz1a OpenLongPosition
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC ShortPosIncreased
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw OpenLongPosition
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC ShortPosIncreased
mtCfguT9wTAUFWS2hPFSKTFfeep8p8Y15D OpenLongPosition
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT OpenShortPosition
msseTTv6B3XTdLecB26sreJAUF93REF19f OpenLongPosition
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT ShortPosIncreased
mo2xpeb6yD1GEwimSxcunmhgyjgXmrFKGu OpenLongPosition
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT ShortPosIncreased
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb ShortPosNettedPartly
mo2xpeb6yD1GEwimSxcunmhgyjgXmrFKGu LongPosNettedPartly
mgBrVNmXqrk9HTYAPZJVMVnCD6k4ATicDn OpenLongPosition
mvqMhEMRqWMHE3UtRbtoRrrkaAJp1EueTM OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd OpenLongPosition
mvqMhEMRqWMHE3UtRbtoRrrkaAJp1EueTM ShortPosIncreased
mo2xpeb6yD1GEwimSxcunmhgyjgXmrFKGu LongPosIncreased
mgEujLeWD2yg7zexRqDyhhTqvoMj5nMCBN OpenShortPosition
mp5z2J9hftx9RQLBwhBE7WBmvasLdxszjy OpenLongPosition
mgEujLeWD2yg7zexRqDyhhTqvoMj5nMCBN ShortPosIncreased
mp5z2J9hftx9RQLBwhBE7WBmvasLdxszjy LongPosIncreased
myPWgKxEtLzZ8TMFPuECWvdw5MwmnoRmTw OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd LongPosIncreased
myPWgKxEtLzZ8TMFPuECWvdw5MwmnoRmTw ShortPosIncreased
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh OpenLongPosition
mqHqzkycKSezcinCHPBMTZjEjbbZ5DcP1F OpenShortPosition
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT OpenLongPosition
mpjy86G1Zo3D8RtuFKrYqu8UgmMevcSwTh OpenShortPosition
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT ShortPosNettedPartly
mpjy86G1Zo3D8RtuFKrYqu8UgmMevcSwTh ShortPosIncreased
n3n7ZfuA1nHJyNwTRWaYgNQNHgNT7Qa8g9 OpenLongPosition
n22acCuq7assnRegLpnt7ABmonNUcEV6Tr OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd LongPosIncreased
mwFdTzzPepbJn8QZde1MqE8ZFBYVrhEehS OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
miyUJs6WpsRcTYyk4ZmCug7hFNeHxvLVHY OpenLongPosition
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG OpenShortPosition
mu7AcybU4tqB7gZHNuPtXujfJDZ7uUiMeu OpenLongPosition
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG ShortPosIncreased
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx OpenLongPosition
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG ShortPosIncreased
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mtMM8voZ2nq8rH6HDHQ69bKPFHrjCHTSVg OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
muFfzrAb3FyJHy4gQBi7UYM2bkh7P4vsNB OpenLongPosition
mtMM8voZ2nq8rH6HDHQ69bKPFHrjCHTSVg ShortPosIncreased
mthr88tCUByWNrrGiV5vxfWMYXvQHuB3kA LongPosIncreased
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mkmCFnFx8BeN1WdAYNaeskmdsiVwohpiFr OpenLongPosition
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx ShortPosIncreased
mpsYcdMQKtM9bNJbHVfijVJf1xWCxeBGmT OpenLongPosition
msZCSGUc1u35roT5BbfvRuUT2r9SUZDxpq OpenShortPosition
muFfzrAb3FyJHy4gQBi7UYM2bkh7P4vsNB LongPosIncreased
n1KVwWYuDy5eni4eqqVhXHS4hWYHsxrh2X OpenShortPosition
mwRFvxeUogL8tDD1SwQAtkUMiUkw4STyAr OpenLongPosition
n1KVwWYuDy5eni4eqqVhXHS4hWYHsxrh2X ShortPosIncreased
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd LongPosIncreased
mkJMWtTuYRTLc9gHT65BonwaQLLEVSjrv4 OpenShortPosition
msSAUmbSwu7wxQ7icEqj9YqLKUZgnJSLkC OpenLongPosition
mkJMWtTuYRTLc9gHT65BonwaQLLEVSjrv4 ShortPosIncreased
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 ShortPosNettedPartly
mkJMWtTuYRTLc9gHT65BonwaQLLEVSjrv4 ShortPosIncreased
mojBPxTYUcVrxGBXRSr3EMec3xbiWZCDxL OpenLongPosition
mpsFYBrsLYahQ31CapufQiAva8WnZZfceE OpenShortPosition
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 ShortPosNettedPartly
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 OpenShortPosition
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC ShortPosNettedPartly
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 ShortPosIncreased
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V OpenLongPosition
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 ShortPosIncreased
mojBPxTYUcVrxGBXRSr3EMec3xbiWZCDxL LongPosIncreased
msYoosUUomA2khPGerSJwzqTxAEwLy8ry1 OpenShortPosition
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J OpenLongPosition
mh7hp9eHg6rw11pqbLidGaUZ6f2Lv85C9w OpenShortPosition
mpsYcdMQKtM9bNJbHVfijVJf1xWCxeBGmT LongPosIncreased
ms3tUm3TWTuR6uMchmjuyJVN9V6bjstmFh OpenShortPosition
mxcreWoZsfQzdNf8UYAN5zBYQq3ApYoHKu OpenLongPosition
mpsYcdMQKtM9bNJbHVfijVJf1xWCxeBGmT LongPosNettedPartly
mpqNzLhjtCTepYabixP7CcD7hwFMbkzmU4 OpenLongPosition
mpsYcdMQKtM9bNJbHVfijVJf1xWCxeBGmT LongPosNettedPartly
mrYQDTToiCRN4XpZReibd1zb1uyKiAMgSH OpenLongPosition
mthr88tCUByWNrrGiV5vxfWMYXvQHuB3kA OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mpsYcdMQKtM9bNJbHVfijVJf1xWCxeBGmT LongPosIncreased
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo OpenShortPosition
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx ShortPosNettedPartly
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV OpenShortPosition
mwRFvxeUogL8tDD1SwQAtkUMiUkw4STyAr LongPosIncreased
mtQoU2a1dXhNVSeoRj1dsB3cm9EHc6aQ7m OpenShortPosition
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V LongPosIncreased
mwRFvxeUogL8tDD1SwQAtkUMiUkw4STyAr LongPosNettedPartly
mpjy86G1Zo3D8RtuFKrYqu8UgmMevcSwTh OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd LongPosNettedPartly
n3n7ZfuA1nHJyNwTRWaYgNQNHgNT7Qa8g9 LongPosIncreased
msseTTv6B3XTdLecB26sreJAUF93REF19f OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
myP5yp4sbZMZQHRnBQcicnKESjJaJ21FDK OpenLongPosition
msseTTv6B3XTdLecB26sreJAUF93REF19f ShortPosIncreased
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL OpenShortPosition
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx ShortPosNettedPartly
mz3bn1uG1RmgfTUWhQWQdEzHDfGeP73BRE OpenShortPosition
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo LongPosIncreased
mqMGdFenqRumyYSrERRvZG6naWZZjyaz1a OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo LongPosIncreased
miyUJs6WpsRcTYyk4ZmCug7hFNeHxvLVHY LongPosNettedPartly
msveq1PstTs6L46SR92LvZ99Dz4FidmXPN OpenLongPosition
miyUJs6WpsRcTYyk4ZmCug7hFNeHxvLVHY OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mznRKFz3GPKvu1RzbfY1kUrPRAQKT1MvbX OpenLongPosition
miyUJs6WpsRcTYyk4ZmCug7hFNeHxvLVHY ShortPosIncreased
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V LongPosIncreased
muFfzrAb3FyJHy4gQBi7UYM2bkh7P4vsNB LongPosNettedPartly
n4ckXyowqABNzVLDhnXeBrm1C1qzLRejRN OpenLongPosition
muFfzrAb3FyJHy4gQBi7UYM2bkh7P4vsNB OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT ShortPosNettedPartly
muFfzrAb3FyJHy4gQBi7UYM2bkh7P4vsNB ShortPosIncreased
mkJMWtTuYRTLc9gHT65BonwaQLLEVSjrv4 ShortPosNettedPartly
moks9mUK6bA62TAsUGMQk69PXRz91XSUAp OpenShortPosition
ms3tUm3TWTuR6uMchmjuyJVN9V6bjstmFh OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
moks9mUK6bA62TAsUGMQk69PXRz91XSUAp ShortPosIncreased
mznRKFz3GPKvu1RzbfY1kUrPRAQKT1MvbX LongPosIncreased
msL7nY77MMjpaYbNr3iiJTRKEnkiUAne3E OpenShortPosition
mqHqzkycKSezcinCHPBMTZjEjbbZ5DcP1F OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
msL7nY77MMjpaYbNr3iiJTRKEnkiUAne3E ShortPosIncreased
mmQpkb8Xgvc9nHEDUNEEyb1x2Drik5caxT ShortPosNettedPartly
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mz3bn1uG1RmgfTUWhQWQdEzHDfGeP73BRE OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosIncreased
n3ngHLaGiGTjiD7JhpDi56agn9qqoTM2yo OpenLongPosition
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosIncreased
mrYQDTToiCRN4XpZReibd1zb1uyKiAMgSH LongPosIncreased
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosIncreased
ms3tUm3TWTuR6uMchmjuyJVN9V6bjstmFh LongPosIncreased
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosIncreased
mvtGTZ2nSNBFdrfJKwtLuXdWs5T5hc9jip OpenLongPosition
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosIncreased
mvtGTZ2nSNBFdrfJKwtLuXdWs5T5hc9jip LongPosIncreased
msveq1PstTs6L46SR92LvZ99Dz4FidmXPN LongPosNettedPartly
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw LongPosIncreased
msveq1PstTs6L46SR92LvZ99Dz4FidmXPN LongPosNettedPartly
mzM8jiFfdBkavhynKue36wpoGwaTjEvh7r OpenLongPosition
msveq1PstTs6L46SR92LvZ99Dz4FidmXPN LongPosNettedPartly
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL ShortPosNettedPartly
msveq1PstTs6L46SR92LvZ99Dz4FidmXPN LongPosNettedPartly
msZCSGUc1u35roT5BbfvRuUT2r9SUZDxpq ShortPosNettedPartly
mpqNzLhjtCTepYabixP7CcD7hwFMbkzmU4 LongPosNettedPartly
mn4Lxow4kXJFKDo9gGdPBWnYgJhqZfhfXw OpenLongPosition
mpqNzLhjtCTepYabixP7CcD7hwFMbkzmU4 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
myP5yp4sbZMZQHRnBQcicnKESjJaJ21FDK LongPosIncreased
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 OpenShortPosition
mh7hp9eHg6rw11pqbLidGaUZ6f2Lv85C9w ShortPosNettedPartly
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 ShortPosIncreased
my1LWpf7ApoRL5b3Wh2pDQCvo3CSo2xCn6 OpenLongPosition
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 ShortPosIncreased
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mznRKFz3GPKvu1RzbfY1kUrPRAQKT1MvbX LongPosNettedPartly
mtMM8voZ2nq8rH6HDHQ69bKPFHrjCHTSVg ShortPosNettedPartly
msKwGJEmNP8EdGfbHY6DZBSc29yAh416RZ OpenShortPosition
mpjy86G1Zo3D8RtuFKrYqu8UgmMevcSwTh LongPosIncreased
murBR8zMEbrqqhQKcw2J8hkyH2ubGNHDK2 OpenShortPosition
mqHqzkycKSezcinCHPBMTZjEjbbZ5DcP1F LongPosIncreased
murBR8zMEbrqqhQKcw2J8hkyH2ubGNHDK2 ShortPosIncreased
mqHqzkycKSezcinCHPBMTZjEjbbZ5DcP1F LongPosIncreased
mkmCFnFx8BeN1WdAYNaeskmdsiVwohpiFr LongPosNettedPartly
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n4QsB5r92PpQ5sqjncC9xQqAbJXHzB9rTR LongPosNettedPartly
mpqNzLhjtCTepYabixP7CcD7hwFMbkzmU4 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mmrE2QVeYzNEvEkkd3hCpg8n1cib6rEkuV OpenShortPosition
murBR8zMEbrqqhQKcw2J8hkyH2ubGNHDK2 ShortPosNettedPartly
mmrE2QVeYzNEvEkkd3hCpg8n1cib6rEkuV ShortPosIncreased
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL LongPosIncreased
mtCfguT9wTAUFWS2hPFSKTFfeep8p8Y15D LongPosNettedPartly
mtQoU2a1dXhNVSeoRj1dsB3cm9EHc6aQ7m OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mtCfguT9wTAUFWS2hPFSKTFfeep8p8Y15D OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtQoU2a1dXhNVSeoRj1dsB3cm9EHc6aQ7m LongPosIncreased
mojBPxTYUcVrxGBXRSr3EMec3xbiWZCDxL LongPosNettedPartly
mtMM8voZ2nq8rH6HDHQ69bKPFHrjCHTSVg ShortPosNettedPartly
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi LongPosNettedPartly
mmrE2QVeYzNEvEkkd3hCpg8n1cib6rEkuV ShortPosNettedPartly
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtQoU2a1dXhNVSeoRj1dsB3cm9EHc6aQ7m LongPosIncreased
mu7AcybU4tqB7gZHNuPtXujfJDZ7uUiMeu LongPosNettedPartly
msYoosUUomA2khPGerSJwzqTxAEwLy8ry1 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mu7AcybU4tqB7gZHNuPtXujfJDZ7uUiMeu OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J LongPosIncreased
mu7AcybU4tqB7gZHNuPtXujfJDZ7uUiMeu ShortPosIncreased
mrV8GuDs12Xrd9Vdt5o4Bz39Scv7XLy2iU OpenLongPosition
mu7AcybU4tqB7gZHNuPtXujfJDZ7uUiMeu ShortPosIncreased
mmrE2QVeYzNEvEkkd3hCpg8n1cib6rEkuV ShortPosNettedPartly
mn4Lxow4kXJFKDo9gGdPBWnYgJhqZfhfXw LongPosNettedPartly
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 ShortPosNettedPartly
mn4Lxow4kXJFKDo9gGdPBWnYgJhqZfhfXw OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H ShortPosNettedPartly
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw LongPosNettedPartly
mjNp7RuzxtXsGeWyMcZwhQRSX27qAyxuA6 OpenLongPosition
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw LongPosNettedPartly
n3yEeM6CHD7srfMGjGBGLCXNqDqyAsqrvh ShortPosNettedPartly
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw LongPosNettedPartly
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG ShortPosNettedPartly
n35jKmn6VHnDWC38yXnifrdXawdrCgp1Kw OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mrV8GuDs12Xrd9Vdt5o4Bz39Scv7XLy2iU LongPosIncreased
my1LWpf7ApoRL5b3Wh2pDQCvo3CSo2xCn6 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 ShortPosNettedPartly
mqnXbk5uBfVhF5YoaimDEg3ZDmb6qLCK9N LongPosNettedPartly
mrV8GuDs12Xrd9Vdt5o4Bz39Scv7XLy2iU LongPosIncreased
mjNp7RuzxtXsGeWyMcZwhQRSX27qAyxuA6 LongPosNettedPartly
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 ShortPosNettedPartly
mjNp7RuzxtXsGeWyMcZwhQRSX27qAyxuA6 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mqHqzkycKSezcinCHPBMTZjEjbbZ5DcP1F LongPosIncreased
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J LongPosNettedPartly
mir66PfT6bsgzctduqVKoPWPHFGywA3gNn OpenLongPosition
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mkHbWLBYqYbFH5tZKsBa5svbwEWGsAAS71 OpenLongPosition
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J ShortPosIncreased
mpW8FL7wje2X8pjJWSbd57a63pis2uXdk5 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n4ckXyowqABNzVLDhnXeBrm1C1qzLRejRN LongPosNettedPartly
msL7nY77MMjpaYbNr3iiJTRKEnkiUAne3E ShortPosNettedPartly
n4ckXyowqABNzVLDhnXeBrm1C1qzLRejRN OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV LongPosIncreased
n4ckXyowqABNzVLDhnXeBrm1C1qzLRejRN ShortPosIncreased
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV LongPosIncreased
n2PZoXhtyzDtMNLZ9D767QN2dCPooBUkVk OpenShortPosition
mn4Lxow4kXJFKDo9gGdPBWnYgJhqZfhfXw OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mtsD9j1inqvvEKtxbyfUiGUiESyatPsYbq OpenShortPosition
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV LongPosIncreased
n3DWR6tVJMpAvGPpxmv4uS33SG3smrcbUq OpenShortPosition
n1KVwWYuDy5eni4eqqVhXHS4hWYHsxrh2X ShortPosNettedPartly
n3DWR6tVJMpAvGPpxmv4uS33SG3smrcbUq ShortPosIncreased
mkHbWLBYqYbFH5tZKsBa5svbwEWGsAAS71 LongPosIncreased
n3n7ZfuA1nHJyNwTRWaYgNQNHgNT7Qa8g9 LongPosNettedPartly
n1KVwWYuDy5eni4eqqVhXHS4hWYHsxrh2X ShortPosNettedPartly
mkHbWLBYqYbFH5tZKsBa5svbwEWGsAAS71 OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mkf51QwBeFU9E3WMTCtrbSPgoQqodSLDgx ShortPosNettedPartly
mvkhXPD4Cr2MXsLr6cKNHVU8Vr2RPaPNDE OpenShortPosition
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mvkhXPD4Cr2MXsLr6cKNHVU8Vr2RPaPNDE ShortPosIncreased
mojBPxTYUcVrxGBXRSr3EMec3xbiWZCDxL LongPosIncreased
miak8Yh4s2Sf8ZcWHxtXpMfbeGeYR17yai OpenShortPosition
mn4Lxow4kXJFKDo9gGdPBWnYgJhqZfhfXw LongPosIncreased
miak8Yh4s2Sf8ZcWHxtXpMfbeGeYR17yai ShortPosIncreased
murBR8zMEbrqqhQKcw2J8hkyH2ubGNHDK2 ShortPosNettedPartly
miak8Yh4s2Sf8ZcWHxtXpMfbeGeYR17yai ShortPosIncreased
n2PZoXhtyzDtMNLZ9D767QN2dCPooBUkVk ShortPosNettedPartly
miak8Yh4s2Sf8ZcWHxtXpMfbeGeYR17yai ShortPosIncreased
n2PZoXhtyzDtMNLZ9D767QN2dCPooBUkVk ShortPosNettedPartly
mk9ygbqHpxnW7rBy7pzN77Wqv6NF99khrs OpenShortPosition
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 ShortPosNettedPartly
mvUGA9NM33cAXsy73mjN18w8G4C6Q5brCq OpenShortPosition
mgEujLeWD2yg7zexRqDyhhTqvoMj5nMCBN ShortPosNettedPartly
mvUGA9NM33cAXsy73mjN18w8G4C6Q5brCq ShortPosIncreased
n4EUCWzRBrCjSrQTs5FFnQbapCG88PubFG LongPosIncreased
miPXuhyYpsbdjYM4fADwi27ygmj47JsRvU OpenShortPosition
mgEujLeWD2yg7zexRqDyhhTqvoMj5nMCBN OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
miPXuhyYpsbdjYM4fADwi27ygmj47JsRvU ShortPosIncreased
mxcreWoZsfQzdNf8UYAN5zBYQq3ApYoHKu OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb LongPosIncreased
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo LongPosNettedPartly
mmoUrs9ARfwaTY869xjhhVs8wePg58kVJb LongPosIncreased
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo LongPosNettedPartly
mjq2gyoG5tK9quxpkqGnzaTbDXmpWQkJ4H ShortPosNettedPartly
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n3D2EmDNaVyeJbfGvdjPLuyaa7GPmsUNd4 OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
myMDfYhWKcyisnmbGMr1DbMPfLApVbTpDo ShortPosIncreased
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC ShortPosNettedPartly
mtREqvJVxLvyp7LGyUy5Xgo4GNtNdqhQp3 ShortPosIncreased
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC ShortPosNettedPartly
myP5yp4sbZMZQHRnBQcicnKESjJaJ21FDK LongPosNettedPartly
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mrVT36z7mGoLc4irE89x13zwEZzymixGwt OpenShortPosition
n4ERmUhge6XKtvctXYvtiswPgSdQqwdeVC LongPosIncreased
mrVT36z7mGoLc4irE89x13zwEZzymixGwt ShortPosIncreased
mvqMhEMRqWMHE3UtRbtoRrrkaAJp1EueTM ShortPosNettedPartly
mrVT36z7mGoLc4irE89x13zwEZzymixGwt ShortPosIncreased
myPWgKxEtLzZ8TMFPuECWvdw5MwmnoRmTw OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mrVT36z7mGoLc4irE89x13zwEZzymixGwt ShortPosIncreased
mwFdTzzPepbJn8QZde1MqE8ZFBYVrhEehS ShortPosNettedPartly
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
mwFdTzzPepbJn8QZde1MqE8ZFBYVrhEehS OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT ShortPosIncreased
msYoosUUomA2khPGerSJwzqTxAEwLy8ry1 LongPosIncreased
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT ShortPosIncreased
mqpDh7KXwaHVHqJwFUj2ytLJLJuwf29zQV LongPosIncreased
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT ShortPosIncreased
mtQoU2a1dXhNVSeoRj1dsB3cm9EHc6aQ7m LongPosIncreased
mh443vZ6aZZqurxrArnTdSgKLLcJGWHoHT ShortPosIncreased
mwRFvxeUogL8tDD1SwQAtkUMiUkw4STyAr LongPosIncreased
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V LongPosNettedPartly
mwRFvxeUogL8tDD1SwQAtkUMiUkw4STyAr LongPosIncreased
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V LongPosNettedPartly
mtWkpjk91HbFs78t6wxqJXkn5b2U93CVZd LongPosIncreased
n2AF2enyGM95HuM7k56N6JFxQzMWb2w76V LongPosNettedPartly
msseTTv6B3XTdLecB26sreJAUF93REF19f ShortPosNettedPartly
msSAUmbSwu7wxQ7icEqj9YqLKUZgnJSLkC LongPosNettedPartly
msseTTv6B3XTdLecB26sreJAUF93REF19f ShortPosNettedPartly
mgBrVNmXqrk9HTYAPZJVMVnCD6k4ATicDn LongPosNettedPartly
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL LongPosIncreased
mpDyQTaaE9zFBTGUWQ4EPcCftBv2twh7zc OpenShortPosition
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL LongPosIncreased
n3ngHLaGiGTjiD7JhpDi56agn9qqoTM2yo OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
n1pJi3pTXvAfdhhh5SQ84R82UwKm6yfHaL LongPosIncreased
n3ngHLaGiGTjiD7JhpDi56agn9qqoTM2yo ShortPosIncreased
mqMGdFenqRumyYSrERRvZG6naWZZjyaz1a OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
n3ngHLaGiGTjiD7JhpDi56agn9qqoTM2yo ShortPosIncreased
msL7nY77MMjpaYbNr3iiJTRKEnkiUAne3E ShortPosNettedPartly
mvtGTZ2nSNBFdrfJKwtLuXdWs5T5hc9jip OpenShortPosByLongPosNetted
msL7nY77MMjpaYbNr3iiJTRKEnkiUAne3E OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mkdJT18C2DoVZwk6JfBr1d7N3ZjNp1ofRu OpenShortPosition
mrV8GuDs12Xrd9Vdt5o4Bz39Scv7XLy2iU LongPosIncreased
mkdJT18C2DoVZwk6JfBr1d7N3ZjNp1ofRu ShortPosIncreased
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi ShortPosNettedPartly
mqAirsZY515SGRvPbgSGiRJdXKdLPzJKHQ OpenShortPosition
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mkHbWLBYqYbFH5tZKsBa5svbwEWGsAAS71 ShortPosIncreased
mrUGT1haNL3Ts6WErDdFWrXSxVvsQ3DLCi LongPosIncreased
mkHbWLBYqYbFH5tZKsBa5svbwEWGsAAS71 ShortPosIncreased
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J ShortPosNettedPartly
mjp5eKsNdsbYmA1WnL3KSiXfd8dGZArdpM OpenShortPosition
mzKEAJe5BRteemGt25vXMUq4xmmaQJS95J OpenLongPosByShortPosNetted
mjp5eKsNdsbYmA1WnL3KSiXfd8dGZArdpM ShortPosIncreased
mvkhXPD4Cr2MXsLr6cKNHVU8Vr2RPaPNDE ShortPosNettedPartly
n2DeiRj2GQCCwJrApERrjNZ355SiQoFrzn OpenShortPosition
mvkhXPD4Cr2MXsLr6cKNHVU8Vr2RPaPNDE ShortPosNettedPartly
mxPNxQNAZMqyHiho61tWbryAwHszmDZXRS OpenShortPosition
mvkhXPD4Cr2MXsLr6cKNHVU8Vr2RPaPNDE ShortPosNettedPartly
mxPNxQNAZMqyHiho61tWbryAwHszmDZXRS ShortPosIncreased
mwyFzQbWotFc7p94651veFgA47uYGTYz13 OpenLongPosition
mjnYTeZLSyZKES52jWSn4Ln84FaSC8w3X3 OpenShortPosition
mwyFzQbWotFc7p94651veFgA47uYGTYz13 LongPosIncreased
mjnYTeZLSyZKES52jWSn4Ln84FaSC8w3X3 ShortPosIncreased
mqSbmqBWkzv3fkyACaNiE5CJbJckuCs42h OpenLongPosition
n3U2fW3JQwDAGz1sqhEQBabBaQAvesFVgk OpenShortPosition
mqSbmqBWkzv3fkyACaNiE5CJbJckuCs42h LongPosIncreased
mrL3jhdgTLEXMHhkZcfzB1evYQnwwaZ2ue OpenShortPosition
mqSbmqBWkzv3fkyACaNiE5CJbJckuCs42h LongPosIncreased
mjFwFKZB7B2qCxuACvaTi8nNGTmsF6Ycum OpenShortPosition
mqSbmqBWkzv3fkyACaNiE5CJbJckuCs42h LongPosIncreased
